

=== Adam Levine ===
Adam Noah Levine is an American musician who is the lead singer, guitarist and sole continuous member of the pop rock band Maroon 5. Levine began his musical career in 1994 with the band Kara's Flowers, for which he served as lead vocalist and lead guitarist. After the commercial failure of their only album, The Fourth World, the group was reformed in 2001 as Maroon 5 – with James Valentine replacing him as lead guitarist. In 2002, they released their first album, Songs About Jane, which went multi-platinum in the US; since then, they have released six more albums: It Won't Be Soon Before Long , Hands All Over , Overexposed , V , Red Pill Blues , and Jordi . As part of Maroon 5, Levine has received multiple accolades, including three Grammy Awards. As a solo artist, Levine achieved concurrent commercial success with his guest appearance on Gym Class Heroes' 2011 single "Stereo Hearts", which peaked within the top five of the Billboard Hot 100. From 2011 to 2019, and again from 2025–present, Levine has been featured as a coach on NBC's reality talent show The Voice. The winners of multiple seasons belonged to his team. In 2012, Levine made his acting debut as the recurring character Leo Morrison in the second season of the television series American Horror Story. He also appeared in the films Begin Again , Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping , Fun Mom Dinner and The Clapper . Levine launched his eponymous fragrance line in 2013. The same year, he collaborated with Kmart and ShopYourWay.com to develop his menswear collection. He also owns a record label, 222 Records, and a production company, 222 Productions, which produced television shows Sugar and Songland. In 2013, The Hollywood Reporter reported that "sources familiar with his many business dealings" estimated Levine would earn more than $35 million that year. Early life Adam Noah Levine was born on March 18, 1979, in Los Angeles to Fredric Levine, the founder of retail chain M. Fredric, and Patsy Levine, an admissions counselor. They divorced when he was seven and Levine underwent therapy. Growing up, he spent weekdays with his mother and weekends with his father. He has a younger brother. Levine's father and maternal grandfather were Jewish, while his maternal grandmother was a Protestant. Levine is Jewish; however, according to The Jewish Chronicle, he is spiritual but not religious. He chose not to have a Bar Mitzvah as a child because of the custom of receiving Bar Mitzvah gifts, explaining: "I felt as though a lot of kids were trying to cash in ... I just don't think it's the most respectful way to deal with God and beliefs and years and years and years of cultural heritage." Levine is a nephew of journalist and author Timothy Noah, and television producer and writer Peter Noah. Levine describes his family as "very musical" and credits his mother with "start[ing] me out on the path." He also attributes his mother's idols – Simon & Garfunkel, Fleetwood Mac, and The Beatles – to shaping his musical style, calling them "a huge part of my upbringing". Levine attended Brentwood School, where he met Jesse Carmichael and Mickey Madden, his future bandmates. He carried his musical interests to high school, where he states he was "a little rebellious. I didn't want to do the things they were teaching me ... [music] consumed my every thought." Kara's Flowers In February 1994, Levine, along with friends Jesse Carmichael, Mickey Madden, and Ryan Dusick formed garage band Kara's Flowers. In 1995, the group played their first gig at the Whisky a Go Go, a nightclub in West Hollywood, California, with Levine performing vocals and guitar. The band was discovered while they were performing in Malibu by independent producer Tommy Allen, who along with his partner John DeNicola, had them record an 11-track album. Owing to a string of industry showcases in Los Angeles, they were signed on to Reprise Records through producer Rob Cavallo. In August 1997, the band released their first album, titled The Fourth World and also appeared on an episode of the drama series Beverly Hills, 90210. Despite high expectations, it had little success, selling about 5,000 copies. Reprise decided to drop the band after Cavallo's exit from the label. Disappointed with the results of their album, the band broke up. Later, Levine would say of the experience: "Kara's Flowers was just floating up the wall beneath the sticks. Make a record quickly, put it out. No touring base, no nothing. Just try to make it happen right out of the gate and it just doesn't work". Maroon 5 After the break up of Kara's Flowers, Levine, along with Carmichael, left Los Angeles to pursue higher studies at Five Towns College in New York. On MTV News, in 2002, he said: "That's when I started waking up to the whole hip-hop, R&B thing. We had friends named Chaos and Shit. It was not Brentwood High". They dropped out after a semester, and reunited with Madden and Dusick to form a band once more. They experimented with several styles, including country and folk, before deciding groove-based music would become their genre. Levine explained the need for a makeover for the band: "We were just so sick of being a typical rock 'n' roll band ... I felt like I needed to look elsewhere for vocal inspiration." The band put together a demo that was rejected by several labels, before it caught the attention of Octone Records executives James Diener, Ben Berkman, and David Boxenbaum. Following Berkman's advice, the band added a fifth member, James Valentine, and was renamed Maroon 5. In an interview with HitQuarters, Berkman explained that Levine "seemed to be a very shy, shoe-gazing type ... a fifth member could play the guitar to free up the singer [Levine], so he could be the star I perceived him to be". Around this time, Levine had been working as a writer's assistant on the CBS television show Judging Amy; the program's producer Barbara Hall was his family friend. While on the show, he would spend time writing songs about his ex-girlfriend. These songs were put into Maroon 5's debut album Songs About Jane, which was released in June 2002. The album slowly gained airplay, and eventually became a sleeper hit, selling an estimated 10 million copies and becoming the tenth best-selling album of 2004, two years after its release. In 2005, Maroon 5 won their first Grammy Award, for Best New Artist. The next year, they won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for the second Songs About Jane single "This Love". By 2006, the band began recording again, and in May 2007, Maroon 5's second album It Won't Be Soon Before Long was released. Levine described the album as "a vast improvement", explaining: "I think this record is a little more self-confident and powerful lyrically". To support the album, the band performed on a ten-date club tour which visited small venues in Europe and the United States from April to June 2007. The album and its lead, third and penultimate singles each received Grammy nominations, although only "Makes Me Wonder" secured a win. After winding down from a world tour in support of It Won't Be Soon Before Long, the band began recording in Switzerland in 2009, in collaboration with record producer and songwriter Robert John "Mutt" Lange. Levine said Lange "worked me harder than anyone ever has". In 2010, Maroon 5 released their third studio album, Hands All Over. The album did not initially meet expectations. In an interview with Los Angeles Times, Levine explained that the album suffered from being "all these disparate ideas and songs that didn't make any sense together". After the moderate success of the album's first three singles, the band released "Moves like Jagger" which Levine classified as "one of those songs that was definitely a risk; it's a bold statement". The single became a worldwide success; it was the ninth-best-selling digital single of 2011 with sales of 8.5 million copies and, as of 2012, the eighth-best-selling digital single of all time. Levine later credited the song with "totally reviving the band". Since "Moves Like Jagger" was the first time Maroon 5 had collaborated with an outside writer, the band decided to attempt it again on their next album, entitled Overexposed. Its title is supposedly an allusion to Levine's public ubiquity. In an interview with Rolling Stone, he opined that is their most dance-driven album ever, commenting: "It's very much an old-fashioned disco tune. I have a love/hate relationship with it – but mostly I love it". The album and its lead single "Payphone" gave Maroon 5 their second Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance nominations. In support of Overexposed, the band conducted the Overexposed Tour from 2012 to 2013 , and also headlined the 2013 Honda Civic Tour, which included The Voice contestant Tony Lucca. In 2014, Maroon 5 continued their collaboration with Ryan Tedder, Max Martin and others to release their fifth studio album V . Levine acknowledged that they followed the same song-writing process that they tried with Overexposed, saying: "We developed a really nice system on the last record — we found songs we were passionate about, developed them and put our stamp on them ... this time we kept it going but looked for different types of songs." Five singles were released from it. In support of the album, the band undertook the Maroon V Tour, which kicked off with a show in Dallas in February 2015. In 2007, Levine had stated that he believed Maroon 5 was reaching its peak and might make one more album before disbanding. He was quoted explaining: "Eventually I want to focus on being a completely different person because I don't know if I want to do this into my 40s and 50s and beyond". But in 2010, he dispelled any rumors of the band breaking up, saying:"I love what I do and think that, yes, it might be tiring and complicated at times [but] we don't have any plans on disbanding any time soon". He has also turned down the idea of having a solo career, stating that "there will never be a solo record. I would sooner have another band". On February 10, 2017, Levine received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the recording industry. Other activities Musical collaborations Levine has collaborated with several musical artists. In 2005, he was featured on the song "Live Again" by hip-hop duo Ying Yang Twins. The same year, he appeared on Kanye West's album Late Registration, on the third single "Heard 'Em Say", a collaboration Levine called "very pure and very easy". The song was created during an airplane flight that he and West shared, and its refrain was later used for the Maroon 5 song "Nothing Lasts Forever" from It Won't Be Soon Before Long. He also appeared on Alicia Keys' third album Alicia Keys: MTV Unplugged, as part of the cover of The Rolling Stones song "Wild Horses". Around the same time, he featured on fellow Octone Records singer K'naan's single "Bang Bang". In 2009, he recorded "Gotten", a song for Slash's first solo album Slash . In February 2010, he was among approximately 80 musicians who sang on the charity-single remake of "We Are the World", called "We Are the World 25 for Haiti". In 2011, he appeared on the Gym Class Heroes song, "Stereo Hearts". Levine also worked with hip-hop artist 50 Cent on his song "My Life", recording the vocals almost two years before it was released as a single in 2012, which included rapper Eminem. In 2013, Levine wrote a song called "My Most Terrible Secret" performed by the cast of Community, in the episode "Intro to Felt Surrogacy". In 2015, Levine was featured on the song "Painkiller" by Rozzi Crane and the duo, R. City's single "Locked Away". In 2016, Levine collaborated with The Lonely Island for the song "I'm So Humble", on the soundtrack album Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping, which they also appeared in the film of the same name. In April 2019, Levine and 29 other musical acts were featured on the charity single "Earth", which raises climate change awareness. In late 2019, Levine collaborated with American actor and musician Joe Pesci, on his third album Pesci... Still Singing, with two songs "Baby Girl" and a cover of Stevie Wonder's "My Cherie Amour". In 2020, Levine was featured on two songs "Trust Nobody", with rapper Lil Wayne on his album Funeral and "Same Guy" by Jack Harlow on the album Thats What They All Say. Levine is also featured as a singer for his band's song "She Will Be Loved" in the music rhythm game, Band Hero. Levine has contributed with two songs for the soundtracks of the John Carney films: "Lost Stars" in Begin Again and "Go Now" in Sing Street. Television, film and media Levine has made four notable comic appearances on television. During 2007, he appeared in the 33rd-season premiere of Saturday Night Live in an SNL Digital Short called Iran So Far, performing with Andy Samberg, Fred Armisen and Jake Gyllenhaal. Levine played himself while singing a humorous bridge to a "love song" for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. In 2008, he performed on Comedy Central's "Night of Too Many Stars". He also had a cameo on Jimmy Kimmel Live! for the night of stars and endorsed Barack Obama in the 2008 Presidential Election. In 2013, he hosted Saturday Night Live and featured alongside Kendrick Lamar on Lonely Island's digital short "YOLO", which parodies the acronym for "You Only Live Once." His hosting was generally disliked by reviewers, who called it "mediocre" and "subpar." He appeared on season 40 of SNL where he played Freddie Mercury and sang a snippet of "Bohemian Rhapsody" in the "Joan Rivers" sketch. From 2011 to 2019, Levine served as a contestant judge/coach on the reality talent television show, The Voice. The contestants of his team who won in the series are Javier Colon , Tessanne Chin and Jordan Smith . The Voice has been credited with reviving Maroon 5's "faltering" career after the sub-par sales of Hands All Over as well as increasing Levine's popularity. According to polling firm E-Poll Market Research, awareness of Levine has nearly tripled since he joined the show. He has also been described as the "breakout" star of the series, with #TeamAdam and @AdamLevine scoring a respective 203,000 and 2.14 million Twitter mentions in the show's third season, higher than all the other coaches. In 2013, The Hollywood Reporter estimated that Levine was paid $10–12 million for each season of The Voice. In May 2019, Levine left the series after sixteen seasons and eight years. In June 2024, it was revealed that Levine would return to The Voice for the 27th season set to air in the spring of 2025. In 2012, Levine appeared as a recurring character in American Horror Story: Asylum, the second season of the television series American Horror Story. He plays Leo Morrison, a newly-wed photographer visiting modern-day Briarcliff Manor, an insane asylum, on honeymoon with his wife, played by Jenna Dewan. The scenes were shot around his band's summer touring schedule. In an interview with E!, he said of his role: "It sounded like so much fun and that's why I wanted to do it ... this sounds, like, hysterical, funny, dark and cool and right up my alley". However, he admitted to not being a fan of the show nor horror genre in general, stating he didn't watch the episodes because "it's just so weird and disturbing". In June 2012, Levine was cast in the musical romance-drama film Begin Again . The film was directed by John Carney and Keira Knightley and Mark Ruffalo acted in the lead roles. In it, he plays Dave Kohl, Knightley's songwriting partner and former boyfriend of five years, who leaves her behind on finding success in the music industry. The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival to generally favorable reviews from critics. In November 2013, Levine was named People magazine's Sexiest Man Alive, becoming the first singer and the second non-actor to claim the title. He was ranked No. 41 on Glamour's "Sexiest Men of 2012" list. In 2008, he appeared on People's "Single and Sexy Men" list. He was elected TV's Most Crushworthy Male Reality Host/Judge in a poll held by Zap2it. In April 2012, Shalom Life ranked him Number 7 on its list of "Top 50 Hottest Jewish men in the world". Levine stripped naked for testicular cancer awareness for a centerfold in Cosmopolitan UK's February 2011 issue. 222 Productions In 2013, Levine started a production company 222 Productions and the first project was Sugar , a YouTube Premium web television series which was inspired by the music video for the Maroon 5 song of the same name. It follows music artists to crash events for unsuspecting fans. The company produced a reality competition series Songland, which premiered on NBC on May 28, 2019, where Levine served as executive producer. The company signed a deal with Wheelhouse Entertainment. Business ventures and endorsements In October 2008, Levine collaborated with First Act to create the First Act 222 Guitar, which was fashioned to his specifications. The guitar was sold via Target stores. Two years later he launched his own fashion line, entitled "222", at the Project Trade Show in Las Vegas. The collection features jeans, basic T-shirts and leather jackets. The venture was organized in partnership with his father, Fred Levine , and his cousin, Sami Cooper. In June 2011, Levine took part in an educational campaign to raise awareness of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . The project, titled "Own It", was created by Shire and organized in collaboration with the Attention Deficit Disorder Association , Children and Adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . The project targets people who were previously diagnosed with the disorder, focusing on how it may continue into adulthood. Levine, who himself was diagnosed with ADHD as a teenager, said: "This campaign is important to me because it can help young adults and adults realize that there's a chance they may still have ADHD if they had it as a kid". In connection to this, he wrote an article in ADDitude Magazine about his personal experience with it. Levine founded his own record label, 222 Records in February 2012. He stated that he was inspired to start the label to sign on Rozzi Crane, an USC music student he discovered through a mutual friend. She became the first singer signed on to the label, followed by Glee actor Matthew Morrison, Mexican artist Diego Boneta, and The Voice season 2 contestant and part of Team Adam, the singer Tony Lucca. It was reported that he was negotiating further with potential distributors, as well as organizing staff, to operate as a full-fledged record company with departments such as marketing, radio and publicity. In September 2012, Levine was in the Philippines to collaborate with the clothing company Bench; they launched the menswear collection. In January 2013, Levine announced he would be enter a partnership with Sears Holdings to launch a multi-department lifestyle brand of apparel and accessories collections. The company owns Kmart and ShopYourWay, a shopping social platform; it also includes rapper Nicki Minaj in the same contract. The menswear collection was launched on October 1 that year and conducts business via 500 Kmart stores across the US, as well as online. In an official statement, Levine said: "Partnering with ShopYourWay to develop this line was an exciting opportunity for me and I am really looking forward to diving into the process of designing an apparel and accessory collection". In an interview with People, he commented further, "it was cool that they really promoted creative control. I like to be involved with process rather than just phoning it in". Later, Levine became a celebrity spokesperson for Proactiv. In the commercial, Levine shares details about his acne experiences in high school, and promotes Proactiv Plus. Levine collaborated with ID Perfumes to create his debut eponymous scent. The line was launched at the Premiere Fragrance Installation in Los Angeles in February 2013. The fragrance range, consisting of scents for both for men and women, is sold through Macy's department stores in microphone-shaped bottles. Speaking at its launch, Levine said: "The task was to make something that I would wear. So that was a process and we finally came to a great conclusion and it smells great" The fragrance garnered media attention for contradicting his tweet the previous year, in which he said that he wanted to "put an official ban on celebrity fragrances. Punishable by death from this point forward". In January 2020, Levine announced that he is the new Ambassador of the brand Shure for the wireless earphones and headphones, the Aonic 215 and 50, is available on electronic stores on April 2, 2020. Artistry Levine's interest in music started at around ten years of age, when he first started playing the guitar. He found music as an outlet for his feelings, stating: "I picked up a guitar and that was it. I fell so madly in love with it, it's all I did". He performed his first professional gig at The Troubadour when he was twelve, but he was so nervous that he played with his back to the audience. Throughout his childhood, he had a wide range of musical influences, including The Beatles, Fleetwood Mac, The Who, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, and Nirvana, and, in high school, Bob Marley, Bill Withers, Al Green, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Phish and Michael Jackson. He has also incorporated elements of The Police and Prince into his music. In an interview with Billboard, he explained the diversity of his influences: "I love every single kind of music ... even the most saccharine, sugary pop song can be the greatest thing ever. But so can a 25-minute crazy avant-garde fusion gnarly Herbie Hancock jam from the '70s". Levine remembers that listening to "Are You That Somebody?" by Aaliyah convinced him to pursue a more soulful sound than that of the band he was performing with at the time, Kara's Flowers. His move to New York introduced him to a new music scene that involved hip-hop, R&B, gospel and soul music. He took to changing his musical style, extensively emulating Stevie Wonder. Subsequently, Songs About Jane was released, deemed "bluesy funk" and similar to the sound of English pop rock band Busted. Critics also drew comparisons between Levine and Jamiroquai singer Jay Kay. While earlier work was deemed "vaguely funky white-soul" and "rock", recent ones have been judged to have a more reggae, anthemic pop sound, evoking comparisons to Coldplay. Levine refuses to fit his music into a genre, saying: "There's so much variety in music, it's silly to belong to a specific club and try to sound a certain way". He considers himself an orthodox lyricist sticking to conventional themes, acknowledging: "Romance, love, the lack thereof are still very big themes. I haven't figured out a way to use everything yet. As a songwriter, I'm still limited to that one thing." He also claims he does not like mincing words, stating in a Rolling Stone interview: "I was so sick of typical lyrics like 'Ooh, baby' and 'I love you' and all this vague shit. I thought the more explicit I got without being totally explicit was a nice approach". Levine is a tenor, with a 4 octave vocal range and has been noted for his falsettos. Salon wrote: "When he's crooning come-ons, his voice lends the music a satisfying lewdness, a sense of sticky physicality that gives his snaky hooks a pheromonal urgency." In a review of It Won't Be Soon Before Long, Entertainment Weekly described his vocals as "smug, R&B-slick deadpan ... there's a twisted logic to his dispassionate delivery". In another review, Allmusic wrote "he knows that he's a pop guy, somewhat in the tradition of Hall & Oates, but he isn't trying to be retro, he's ... making records that are melodic, stylish, and soulful". In a review of the 2013 Honda Civic Tour, The Boston Globe also commented positively on his on-stage presence, which "exude[s] a sense of up-for-anything playfulness ... combined with a rock solid work ethic and a clear love for their audiences and performing". Levine's popularity outside of his musical work has seen him tagged as a "stand-alone star," which critics say have pushed other members of Maroon 5 to the backseat, even in their music. Their guitarist Valentine noted that his vocals were a central aspect around which their music revolved. Conversely, others opine that Levine's fame has been a boost to the band, with Paper writing: "Maroon 5 has managed to ebb and flow with the times ... thanks in no small part to their frontman's uncanny ability to be extremely entertaining". Delta Sky described him as "a natural, if slightly neurotic, leading man". He claims that the image was consciously cultivated, explaining: "We talked about it a long time ago and decided I would step out, for us, not for me or my own ego ... We wanted there to be a frontman." Personal life In early 2010, while performing at the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue release party in Las Vegas, Levine met Russian Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue model Anne Vyalitsyna and they soon began a relationship. They ended the relationship in April 2012 in an "amicable and supportive manner". In May 2012, Levine began dating Behati Prinsloo, a Namibian Victoria's Secret model. The couple married on July 19, 2014, with Jonah Hill officiating the wedding. Levine and Prinsloo have two daughters, Dusty Rose and Gio Grace . On January 28, 2023, Levine and Prinsloo had a third child, who is their first son. Levine and Hill have been friends since early childhood, having met in grade school. Hill's brother, Jordan Feldstein, managed Maroon 5 until Feldstein's death. Despite attending different high schools, Levine has been friends with American actress, Kate Hudson, since they were teenagers. Levine is supportive of gay rights. In 2011, Levine made a video on Maroon 5's official YouTube account in support of the It Gets Better Project. In January 2012, he announced that Maroon 5 had changed the location of their post-Grammy Awards show because of the "unnamed Los Angeles restaurant's backing of Proposition 8". He has a gay brother. In 2013, Levine was mentioned in a hostile work environment lawsuit filed in Los Angeles Superior Court by an unnamed security guard who claimed that Universal Music Publishing Group's Santa Monica location was "infiltrated with pervasive drug use where you could smell marijuana seeping from various offices and openly used in common areas, and lounges". The guard claimed that when she complained about the cannabis smoke coming from one of the studios, she was told that "it's Adam Levine—if he wants to come to the lobby and do a line of cocaine on the floor, it's OK". In an official statement to The Hollywood Reporter, UMPG described the allegations as "absurd". In July 2020, Levine and Prinsloo collaborated with Ferrari and Save the Children to raise funds to support U.S. education programs during the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, Levine and Prinsloo founded a tequila company called Calirosa. The brand's tequila bottles were made available from December 2021. In September 2022, Levine was accused by at least four women of cheating on his then-partner, Prinsloo, with them. DMs, texts, and TikTok videos were presented as evidence. Levine denied having an affair, but has admitted to "crossing" the line and has "addressed ... and taken proactive steps to remedy this with my family". Discography Singles as an artist Guest appearances Songwriting credits Videography As lead artist As featured artist Cameo appearances Filmography Film Television Web Other works Music videos Producer Miscellaneous crew Video games Awards and nominations Notes

=== Anthony Barboza ===
Anthony Barboza is a photographer, historian, artist and writer. With roots originating from Cape Verde, and work that began in commercial art more than forty years ago, Barboza's artistic talents and successful career helped him to cross over and pursue his passions in the fine arts where he continues to contribute to the American art scene. Barboza has a prolific and wide range of both traditional and innovative works inspired by African-American thought, which have been exhibited in public and private galleries, and prestigious museums and educational institutions worldwide. He is well known for his photographic work of jazz musicians from the 1970s – '80s. Many of these works are in his book Black Borders, published in 1980 with a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts. In an article printed in 1984 in The City Sun, he said, "When I do a portrait, I'm doing a photograph of how that person feels to me; how I feel about the person, not how they look. I find that in order for the portraits to work, they have to make a mental connection as well as an emotional one. When they do that, I know I have it." Many of his photographs achieve his signature effect through the careful use of lighting and shadows, manipulation of the backdrop, measured adjustments to shutter speeds, composition, and many other techniques and mediums at his command. His most recent conceptual photographic artwork exhibit, Black Dreams/White Sheets, has toured internationally and was shown for the first time in New York City at the Bill Hodges Gallery in November and December 2010. Barboza takes a critical look at the role and experiences of the African diaspora in the historical as well as contemporary context of race, sexuality, gender, politics, and social issues in American society and culture. Career Barboza came to New York City directly after graduating high school in 1963 at the age of 19 to study photography with Hugh Bell, a successful Black fashion photographer who became his mentor and allowed Barboza to work for free in exchange for the opportunity to gain experience in the field. Prior to that, he met Adger Cowans, another of the few successful Black commercial photographers of the time, who would introduce Barboza to a group of Black professional photographers who were members of The Kamoinge Workshop. This group was originally directed by Roy De Carava and was created to promote serious dialogues about photography at a time when African-American photographers were still being discriminated against and excluded from mainstream professional photography. They were professionals who joined forces to support and help promote each other's work by offering group commentary and criticism, and by mounting exhibitions together. Barboza carries on this tradition as the current president of what is now known as Kamoinge, Inc. and continues to support other Black professional and aspiring photographers in their work. In 1965, Barboza was drafted into the Navy and became a full-time photographer for the Jacksonville, Florida-based newspaper The Gosport. It was there that he developed his craft and launched his career in a one-man exhibition at the Pensacola Art Museum and the Emily Lowe Gallery at the University of Miami. In 1970, his brother Ken Barboza after serving four years in the US Navy started working part-time and eventually became his full-time agent, representing him and helped opened up his world to fashion and beauty magazine and commercial advertising agencies in New York City were he started. Photojournalism/editorial spreads Barboza's work has appeared in photojournalist and editorial spreads for: The New Yorker, Newsweek, Business Week, TV Guide, National Geographic, Town and Country, Village Voice, Vibe, US, Vanity Fair, People, Esquire, GQ, Home, Elle , Elle Decour, Vogue, McCalls, Interview, Details, Black Book, Harper's Bazaar, Self, Glamour, Ms., Woman's Day, Cosmopolitan, Playboy, Ebony, Black Enterprise, Geo , Art News, Washingtonian, Modern Maturity, Mode, Audubon, Redbook, Telegraph Magazine , The Sunday Times Magazine Forbes, Fortune, USA Weekend, Dance Magazine, Life Magazine, and The New York Times Sunday Magazine. Advertising Other work Barboza has done has been for Coca-Cola, Pepsi, General Motors, Kraft Foods, HBO, Kodak, Revlon, AT&T, the U.S. Army, the U.S. Marines, Sony, Miramax Films, Burger King, Aetna Life Insurance, Arista Records, Nissan, Coors, Absolut Vodka, Reebok, Random House, Hanes, Clairol, Amtrak, Bahamas Tourist Board, Avon, Columbia Records, L'Oreal, and many more. Television Barboza was a co-director for a TV commercial featuring his friend and jazz legend Miles Davis for Dentsu Advertising of Japan. Art 2011 Hip-Hop: A Cultural Odyssey – Aria Multimedia Entertainment Publ. – Los Angeles, CA 2010 Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing: How the Apollo Theater Shaped American Entertainment-2010-Smithsonian Books 2010 Cousin Corrinne's Reminder issue #2- 2010 – Publ. Cousin Corrine Books-Brooklyn, NY 2010 Whitewall magazine -Winter- -publ. – Sky Art Media – NYC 2010 Harlem – Rizzoli Studio Museum 2009 Posing Beauty – Norton publ. 2009 Picturing New York – Museum of Modern Art, publ. 2009 100 New York Photographers – Schiffer publ. 2002 Day in the Life of Africa – Harper Collins publ. 2001 Committed to the Image: Contemporary Black Photographers – Brooklyn Museum of Art in association with Merrell 2000 Jazz: A History of America's Music by Geoffrey C. Ward and Ken Burns – Alfred A. Knopf publ., NYC 2000 Black Beauty by Ben Arongundade – Pavilion Books, London, UK 1999 The Essence Total Makeover: Body, Beauty, Spirit – Crown Publ., NY 1999 Khaki “Cut from the Original Cloth” – Tondo Books 1998 Men of Color: Fashion, History and Fundamentals by Lloyd Boston Jr. Workman Publ. 1998 Collecting African American Art: Works on Paper and Canvas by Halima Taha- Crown Publ., NY 1998 Commitment: Fatherhood in Black America – Museum of Art and Archeology, University of Missouri-Columbia 1997 Dark Eros/Black Erotic Writings – St. Martin Press 1997 Black Art and Culture in the 20th Century – Thames and Hudson, London, UK 1996 Jerusalem – In the Shadow of Heaven – Collins Publ. 1995 Essence: 25 Years Celebrating Black Women – Abrams, NY 1994 Day in the Life of Israel – Viking 1994 Artist and Influence Vol XIII – Hatch-Billops Collection 1993 African Americans – Viking 1992 Songs of My People – Little Brown 1992 Shooting Stars – Stuart, Tabori & Chang 1992 Flesh & Blood – Picture Project 1992 Color of Fashion – Stuart, Tabori & Chang/Kodak 1992 Day in the Life of Hollywood – Collins Publ. 1992 Outtakes – I.C.P. 1990 The Meaning of Life – Time/Life 1989 Black Photographers 1940–1988 – Garland publ. 1988 International Photo Magazine Ten. 8 London 1986 Cliches Magazine 26 International Edition 1985 American Photography, Vol. 1 1984 A World History of Photography, by Naomi Rosenbloom 1983 Macmillan's Biographical Encyclopedia of Photographic Artists and Innovators – Macmillan Publ., NY 1982 Verlag Photographers – Polaroid Corp. 1981 Camera Arts Magazine 1981 SX-70 Lustrum Press 1981 Fashion Theory – Lustrum Press Permanent collections Cornell University, Ithaca, NY Museum of Modern Art, NYC, NY Studio Museum of Harlem, NYC, NY Howard University, Washington, DC University of Ghana, Ghana New Jersey State Museum, Trenton, NJ Polaroid Collection, Polaroid Corp., Cambridge, MA Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Houston, TX Orleans Public Library, Orleans, NY University of Mexico, Mexico City, Mexico Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Taipei, Taiwan Schomburg Center, New York Public Library, NYC, NY National Portrait Gallery, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC Mott-Warsh Collection, Detroit, MI The Baltimore Museum of Art, Baltimore, MD Exhibitions 2010 Black Dreams/White Sheets, Bill Hodges Gallery, NYC, NY 2010 We Want Miles – Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Montreal, Canada 2010 Posing Beauty – Hamilton Art Gallery, Hamilton, Quebec, Canada 2009 We Want Miles – Citi de la Musique, Paris, France 2009 Champs Elysees Photo Festival 2009 African American Museum of Nassau County, NY 2006 Sheldon Art Gallery, St. Louis, Mo. 2006 Nordstrom Dept. Stores, 14 Stores 2003–2006 MTA New York City Transit Light Box Project 42nd & 6th Avenue Station 2001, May – 2002, Feb Missouri History Museum, St. Louis, MO 2001 Brooklyn Museum, NY 1999 Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC 1999 UFA Gallery, NYC 1997 Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Taipei, Taiwan 1996 Robert Mann Gallery, NYC 1996 Gallerie im Haus 19, Munchen, West Germany 1990 Time-Life Tour 1990 Cinque Gallery, NY 1989 Drew University 1989 Washington, DC, Project of the Arts 1985 City of Munich, West Germany . Exhibition and Book 1984 photokina, West Germany 1982 Studio Museum of Harlem, NYC 1982 photokina West Germany 1978 Museum of Modern Art, NYC 1975 International Center of Photography, NYC 1974 James Vanderzee Institute, Friends Gallery of New York 1974 Light Gallery, NYC 1974 Columbia College of Chicago 1973 Light Impressions Gallery, Rochester, NY 1972 Floating Foundation of New York City 1972 Studio Museum of Harlem, NYC 1971 Studio Museum of Harlem, NYC 1971 Addison Gallery of American Arts, Andover, Mass. 1971 Studio Museum of Harlem, NYC 1969 Swain School of Design, New Bedford, Mass. 1969 Jacksonville Art Museum, Jacksonville, Florida 1968 Morgan State College, Baltimore, MD 1967 Emily Lowe Gallery, University of Miami, FL 1966 Pensacola Art Museum, Pensacola, FL Publications Film documentary Ken Burn's Jazz, PBS Broadcast, 2001 Oral history Oral History Interview With Anthony Barboza, Smithsonian Archives of American Art, 2009 Books Eye Dreaming: Photographs by Anthony Barboza. By Anthony Barboza, Aaron Bryant, and Mazie M. Harris, with an introduction by Hilton Als. Published by J. Paul Getty Museum, October 2022. Black Borders. Photographs by Anthony Barboza, text by Ntozake Shange and Steven Barboza. Self-published 1980, with a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts Lectures 2011 Black Portrait Symposium, Tisch School of the Arts, New York University, NY 2009 Nassau Community College, Long Island, NY 2007 Columbia College of Photography, Chicago, IL 2005 Tisch School of the Arts, New York University, NY 2002 Wadsworth Anthenum, Hartford, CT 2001 Rhode Island School of Design, Providence, RI 1993 Guest teacher Tisch School of the Arts, New York University, NYC, NY 1991 Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY 1989 Lowell University, Lowell, MA 1985 Ohio University, Athens, OH 1986 Oberlin College, Oberlin, OH 1983 International Center of Photography, NYC, NY 1983 Columbia College of Photography, Chicago, IL 1982 Massachusetts State Council of the Arts 1975 International Center of Photography, NYC, NY Columns 2009–present Monthly column, "BL!NK", www.Southcoasttoday.com Grants 2000 New York Foundation of the Arts 1980 National Endowment of the Arts 1976 & 1974 New York State Council of the Arts Service 1998–2000 Associate Curator of Photography for the 2001 exhibition Committed to the Image: Contemporary Black Photographers, Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY 1981 Panelist-judge, National Endowment of the Arts 1978 Panelist-judge, Massachusetts State Council of the Arts 1973 Panelist-judge, New York State Council of the Arts Personal life Anthony Barboza is married to Laura Carrington, a starring actress in the 1984 Lionel Richie video number one hit, "Hello". She is also a groundbreaking daytime soap opera actress who played the role of Simone Ravelle Hardy on the soap opera "General Hospital" from 1987 to 1989. They have been married for more than 25 years and live in Westbury, New York with their three children Danica Barboza, Alexio Barboza and Lien Barboza. He also has two children, Leticia Barboza and Laryssa Gobets from his first marriage to Maria Correa.

=== Ari Lennox ===
Courtney Shanade Salter , known professionally as Ari Lennox, is an American R&B singer-songwriter from Washington, D.C. She signed with J. Cole's Dreamville Records, an imprint of Interscope Records as the former label's first female artist in 2015. She started gaining recognition after the release of her second extended play and major label debut, Pho . That same year, she made an uncredited guest appearance on Cole's song "Change". Her debut studio album, Shea Butter Baby , was met with critical praise and commercial response. Lennox also performed on the Dreamville compilation albums Revenge of the Dreamers II and Revenge of the Dreamers III , the latter of which debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart and was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards. Her 2021 single, "Pressure", marked her first entry on the Billboard Hot 100 and preceded her second album, Age/Sex/Location , while her guest appearance on Summer Walker's song, "Unloyal", peaked within the chart's top 50 that same year. Early life Courtney Salter was born on March 26, 1991, in Washington, D.C. to Gloria Salter and Shane Salter. She spent her formative years in the DMV area and attended Wilson High School and Duke Ellington School of the Arts. Her stage name was influenced by Mary Lennox, a character in the film adaptation of The Secret Garden . Musical career 2011–2017: Career Beginnings and Pho EP Ari Lennox began uploading her music on the internet in 2009. She released her debut mixtape, Five Finger Discount, and debut EP, Ariography, in 2013. In 2014, she independently released the single "Bound". On July 21, 2015, she was featured on Omen's album Elephant Eyes on the track "Sweat it Out". Later that year, her music began circulating the Dreamville Records team, as its founder J. Cole wanted her to work with him on references for Rihanna. She signed with the label in December 2015, and guest performed on their compilation album Revenge of the Dreamers II that same month—on the track "Backseat" with Cozz. On October 21, 2016, she released her debut extended play, Pho. Ari Lennox later appeared on J. Cole's song "Change", and performed as an opening act on the 4 Your Eyez Only Tour during 2017. 2018–2020: Shea Butter Baby In 2018, she went on to guest feature on two songs with her label-mates: EarthGang on "Nothing but the Best", and Bas on "Icarus". On July 16, 2018, Ari Lennox released the first single, "Whipped Cream", from her debut album, Shea Butter Baby with an accompanied music video on September 5. On November 9, she released two more singles called "40 Shades of Choke" and "Grampa". On November 13, she then released two more singles called "No One" and "Pedigree". She then appeared on the Creed II soundtrack with J. Cole on a track entitled "Shea Butter Baby" on November 16, and released as a single on February 26, 2019, for her debut album of the same name. The track was accompanied by a music video on February 20, 2019, and surpassed 3 million views via YouTube within the first week. In December 2018, she was a supporting act on the, From East Atlanta With Love Tour, with 6LACK. On March 27, 2019, she announced her first headlining tour, with the first leg beginning on May 12 and ending on June 14 in her hometown Washington, D.C. Her debut album, Shea Butter Baby was released on May 7, 2019. Several times on this tour she was opened by Baby Rose and Mikhala Jené. She also went on the road with Lizzo on the Cuz I Love You Too Tour from July to October. The second leg of her headlining tour was in Europe, during December 2019. In February 2020, Ari Lennox was placed on BET's "Future 40" list, which is a list of "40 of the most inspiring and innovative vanguards who are redefining what it means to be unapologetically young, gifted & black". She released multiple singles in 2020 including "Bussit", "Chocolate Pomegranate", and a cover of "If You Want Me to Stay", as well as guest appearances and collaborations with Kiana Ledé, Skip Marley, 6lack, and Spillage Village, among others. 2021–present: Age/Sex/Location and Away Message On September 10, 2021, Ari Lennox released the single "Pressure", produced by Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox. The song became her first solo charting single on the Billboard Hot 100, her first Radio No. 1 single, and reached number 3 on R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay. On March 31, 2022, she appeared on the Dreamville compilation D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape, on the songs "Coming Down" and "Blackberry Sap". On August 12, Ari Lennox released her second single, "Hoodie", and announced the title and release date for her second studio album, Age/Sex/Location. On August 31, she released the surprise EP Away Message, including the single "Queen Space" featuring Summer Walker. Artistry Ari Lennox describes her own voice as "vulnerable but soulful; imperfect but pretty". Her voice has been compared to Erykah Badu. Referencing her artistry, she explains: "Sometimes women are put in this box where we're only supposed to talk about certain things, I want to be braver and riskier. I think people want to hear that kind of honesty and frankness." Ari Lennox said in multiple interviews that she is inspired by 90s and 2000s R&B singers such as Mariah Carey, Erykah Badu, D'Angelo, Mya , Bilal, Whitney Houston, Aaliyah, Lauryn Hill, Amerie, Ciara, SWV, Mary J Blige, Toni Braxton, among many others, and soul singer Minnie Riperton. In an interview with The Fader, she also mentioned her admiration of Kanye West and how she found multiple other artists through him. The Gateway described Ari Lennox's sound as "successfully blends individual slices of classic Motown, modern R&B, and new-age soul into one seamless product." Discography Shea Butter Baby Age/Sex/Location Filmography Tours Headlining Shea Butter Baby Tour Age/Sex/Location Tour Supporting 4 Your Eyez Only Tour From East Atlanta With Love Tour Cuz I Love You Too Tour Nostalgia Tour Awards and nominations

=== Ariana Grande ===
Ariana Grande-Butera is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. Regarded as a pop icon and an influential figure in popular music, Grande is known for her four-octave vocal range, which extends into the whistle register. Grande began her career as a teenage actress by appearing in the Broadway musical 13 , and rose to fame as Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon television series Victorious and its spin-off series Sam & Cat . She signed with Republic Records and released her retro-pop and R&B-influenced debut studio album, Yours Truly , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. Grande blended pop, R&B, and electronic on her second and third albums, My Everything and Dangerous Woman , both of which contained the internationally successful singles "Problem", "Break Free", "Bang Bang", "One Last Time", "Into You" and "Side to Side". Personal struggles influenced Grande's trap-infused albums Sweetener and Thank U, Next . The former won Grande her first Grammy award, while the latter garnered US number-one singles "Thank U, Next" and "7 Rings", and made her the first solo artist to occupy the top three spots of the Billboard Hot 100. She subsequently achieved the most number-one debuts in Hot 100 chart history with the title track of her sixth album, Positions , as well as the collaborations "Stuck with U" and "Rain on Me". With the remixes of the Weeknd's "Save Your Tears" and "Die for You", she broke the record for the most number-one duets in the US. After a musical hiatus, Grande released her seventh album, Eternal Sunshine , which spawned the US number-one singles "Yes, And?" and "We Can't Be Friends ". She returned to film acting with the political satire Don't Look Up and received critical praise for her portrayal of Glinda in the fantasy musical Wicked , earning her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Among the world's best-selling music artists, Grande has sold over 90 million records worldwide and is the fifth-highest-certified digital singles female artist. Her accolades include two Grammy Awards, a Brit Award, two Billboard Music Awards, three American Music Awards, ten MTV Video Music Awards, and thirty-seven Guinness World Records. With six Billboard 200 number-one albums and nine Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles, the magazine named her the ninth-greatest pop star of the 21st century and the most successful female artist to emerge in the 2010s. Forbes ranked her as the world's highest-paid female musician in 2020. She was featured in listicles such as Rolling Stone's greatest singers of all time , Time 100 , and Celebrity 100 . Outside of music and acting, Grande has worked with many charitable organizations and advocates for animal rights, mental health, and gender, racial, and LGBT equality. Her business ventures include R.E.M. Beauty, a cosmetics brand launched in 2021, and a fragrance line that has earned over $1 billion in global retail sales. She has a large social media following, being the sixth-most-followed individual on Instagram. Early life Ariana Grande-Butera was born on June 26, 1993, in Boca Raton, Florida. She is the daughter of Joan Grande, the Brooklyn-born CEO of Hose-McCann Communications, a manufacturer of marine communications equipment owned by the Grande family since 1964, and Edward Butera, a graphic design firm owner in Boca Raton. Grande is of Italian descent and has described herself as an Italian American with Sicilian and Abruzzese roots. She has an older half-brother, Frankie Grande, who is an entertainer and producer. Her family moved from New York to Florida before her birth, and her parents separated when she was eight or nine years old. Grande has a close relationship with her maternal grandmother, Marjorie Grande. At age 8, she sang "The Star-Spangled Banner" at the Florida Panthers' home game against the Chicago Blackhawks on January 16, 2002. As a young child, Grande performed with the Fort Lauderdale Children's Theater, playing her first role as the title character in the musical Annie. She also performed in their productions of The Wizard of Oz and Beauty and the Beast. At age eight, she performed at a karaoke lounge on a cruise ship and with various orchestras such as South Florida's Philharmonic, Florida Sunshine Pops and Symphonic Orchestras. During this time, she attended the Pine Crest School and later North Broward Preparatory. Career 2008–2013: Career beginnings and Nickelodeon When she first arrived in Los Angeles, California to meet with her managers, she expressed a desire to record an R&B album: "I was like, 'I want to make an R&B album,' They were like 'Um, that's a helluva goal! Who is going to buy a 14-year-old's R&B album?!'" In 2008, Grande was cast as cheerleader Charlotte in the Broadway musical 13. Grande was cast in the Nickelodeon television show Victorious along with 13 co-star Elizabeth Gillies in 2009. In the sitcom, set at a performing arts high school, she played the "adorably dimwitted" Cat Valentine. She had to dye her hair red every other week for the role, which damaged it. The show premiered in March 2010 to the second-largest audience for a live-action series in Nickelodeon, with 5.7 million viewers. The role helped propel Grande to teen idol status, but she was more interested in a music career, saying that acting is "fun, but music has always been first and foremost with me." After the first season of Victorious wrapped, Grande wanted to focus on her music career and began working on her debut album in August 2010. The second season premiered in April 2011 to 6.2 million viewers, becoming the show's highest-rated episode. In May 2011, Grande appeared in Greyson Chance's video for the song "Unfriend You" from his album Hold On 'til the Night , portraying his ex-girlfriend. She made her first musical appearance on the track "Give It Up" from the Victorious soundtrack in August 2011. While filming Victorious, Grande made several recordings of herself singing covers of songs by Adele, Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey, and uploaded them to YouTube. A friend of Monte Lipman, chief executive officer of Republic Records, came across one of the videos. Impressed by her vocals, he sent the links to Lipman, who signed her to a recording contract. Grande voiced the title role in the English dub of the Spanish-language animated film Snowflake, the White Gorilla in November 2011. From 2011 to 2013, she was cast in the role of fairy Princess Diaspro in the Nickelodeon revival of Winx Club. In December 2011, Grande released her first single, "Put Your Hearts Up", which was recorded for a potential teen-oriented pop album that was never issued. She later disowned the track for its bubblegum pop sound, saying she had no interest in recording music of that genre. The song was later certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . On a second soundtrack, Victorious 2.0, released on June 5, 2012, as an extended play, she supplied vocals as part of the show's cast for the song "5 Fingaz to the Face". The third and final soundtrack, Victorious 3.0, was released on November 6, 2012, which featured a duet by Grande and Victoria Justice titled "L.A. Boyz", with an accompanying music video being released shortly after. In December 2012, Grande collaborated on the single version of "Popular Song", a duet with British singer and songwriter Mika. After four seasons, Victorious was not renewed, with the finale airing in February 2013. Grande starred as Snow White in the pantomime-style musical theatre production A Snow White Christmas with Charlene Tilton and Neil Patrick Harris at the Pasadena Playhouse. She played Amanda Benson in Swindle, a 2013 Nickelodeon film adaptation of the children's book of the same name. Meanwhile, Nickelodeon created Sam & Cat, an iCarly and Victorious spin-off starring Jennette McCurdy and Grande. Grande and McCurdy reprised their roles as Cat Valentine and Sam Puckett on the buddy sitcom, which paired the characters as roommates who form an after-school babysitting business. 2013–2015: Yours Truly and My Everything Grande released her debut album, Yours Truly, on August 30, 2013. A pop and R&B record influenced by 1950s doo-wop, Yours Truly debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 albums chart, with 138,000 copies sold in its first week. Yours Truly also debuted in the top ten in several other countries, including Australia, the UK, Ireland, and the Netherlands. Its lead single, "The Way", featuring Pittsburgh rapper Mac Miller, debuted at number ten on the US Billboard Hot 100, eventually peaking at number nine for two weeks. Grande was later sued by Minder Music for copying the line "What we gotta do right here is go back, back in time" from the 1972 song "Troglodyte " by The Jimmy Castor Bunch. The album's second single, "Baby I", was released in July. Its third single, "Right There", featuring Detroit rapper Big Sean, was released in August 2013. They respectively peaked at number 21 and 84 on the Billboard Hot 100. Grande recorded the duet "Almost Is Never Enough" with Nathan Sykes of The Wanted, which was released as a promotional single in August 2013. She also joined Justin Bieber on his Believe Tour for three shows and kicked off her own headlining mini-tour, The Listening Sessions. At the 2013 American Music Awards, she won the award for New Artist of the Year. She released a four-song Christmas EP, Christmas Kisses in December 2013. Grande received the Breakthrough Artist of the Year award from the Music Business Association, recognizing her achievements throughout 2013. By January 2014, Grande had begun recording her second studio album, with singer-songwriter Ryan Tedder and record producers Benny Blanco and Max Martin. The same month, she earned the Favorite Breakout Artist award at the People's Choice Awards 2014. In March 2014, Grande sang at the White House concert, "Women of Soul: In Performance at the White House". The following month, President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama invited Grande again to perform at the White House for the Easter Egg Roll event. Grande released her second studio album My Everything on August 25, 2014; it debuted atop the Billboard 200 with 169,000 copies and received generally positive reviews. She explored EDM, dance-pop, and electro genres on the album. Its lead single, "Problem" featuring Australian rapper Iggy Azalea, peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and became Grande's first number-one on the UK and New Zealand singles charts. Selling 438,000 digital copies in its opening week, it achieved the highest first-week sales numbers of 2014 and made Grande the youngest woman, at 20 years old, to debut with over 400,000 downloads at the time. "Problem" became 2014's eighth-best-selling digital single globally, with over 9 million copies sold, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry . The album's second single, "Break Free", featuring German musician and producer Zedd, was released on July 3 and reached number four in the United States. She performed the song as the opening of the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, and won Best Pop Video for "Problem". Grande and Nicki Minaj provided guest vocals on "Bang Bang", the lead single from Jessie J's album Sweet Talker, which peaked at number one in the UK and at number three in the US. The song was added to the deluxe version of My Everything, serving as the third single from the album. It was certified diamond by the RIAA in May 2024, for selling over 10 million units in the US; it marked the first all-female collaboration to achieve the certification. With the singles "Problem", "Break Free", and "Bang Bang", Grande became the second female artist in chart history, joining Adele, with three top-ten singles simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100 as a lead artist. Grande was the musical performer on Saturday Night Live, with Chris Pratt as the host on September 27, 2014. That same month, the fourth single from My Everything, "Love Me Harder", featuring Canadian recording artist the Weeknd, was released and peaked at number seven in the United States. The song became her fourth top-ten single of 2014, the most by any artist that year. In November 2014, Grande was featured in Major Lazer's song "All My Love" from the soundtrack album for the film The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 . Later that month, Grande released the Christmas song "Santa Tell Me" as a single from the reissue of her first Christmas EP, Christmas Kisses . The track became a modern Christmas standard, significantly rising in popularity on streaming services during the holiday season every year. A decade after its release, it reached number five on the Hot 100 issue dated January 4, 2025—being the first Christmas song released in the 21st century to appear in the chart's top-five region. The following month, she appeared on Nicki Minaj's third album The Pinkprint, with the song "Get on Your Knees". She later released the fifth and the final single from My Everything, "One Last Time", which peaked at number 13 in the US. In February 2015, Grande embarked on her first worldwide concert tour, The Honeymoon Tour, to further promote My Everything, with shows in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. Grande was featured on Cashmere Cat's song "Adore", which was released in March 2015. In the spring, she signed an exclusive publishing contract with the Universal Music Publishing Group, covering her entire music catalog. Grande also filmed an episode for the Fox Broadcasting Company reality TV series Knock Knock Live , but the show was canceled before her episode aired. She also guest-starred on several episodes of the Fox comedy-horror television series Scream Queens as Sonya Herfmann/Chanel #2 from September to November 2015. She recorded the duet "E Più Ti Penso" with Italian recording artist Andrea Bocelli, which was released in October 2015 as the lead single from Bocelli's album Cinema , and covered the song "Zero to Hero", originally from the animated film Hercules , for the compilation album We Love Disney . Grande also released her second Christmas EP, Christmas & Chill in December 2015. 2015–2017: Dangerous Woman Grande began recording songs for her third studio album, Dangerous Woman, originally titled Moonlight, in 2015. In October of that year, she released the single "Focus", initially intended as the lead single from the album; the song debuted at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100. The next month American singer Who Is Fancy released the single "Boys Like You", which features Ariana Grande and Meghan Trainor. She was featured in the remix version of "Over and Over Again", a song by English singer Nathan Sykes from his solo debut studio album Unfinished Business, which was released in January 2016. In March 2016, Grande released "Dangerous Woman" as the lead single from the retitled album of the same name. The single debuted at number ten on the Billboard Hot 100, making her the first artist to have the lead single from each of their first three albums debut in the top ten. The same month, Grande appeared as host and musical guest of Saturday Night Live, where she performed "Dangerous Woman" and debuted the promotional single "Be Alright", which charted at number 43 on the Billboard Hot 100. Grande garnered positive reviews for her appearance on the show, including praise for her impressions of various singers, some of which she had done on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. Grande released Dangerous Woman on May 20, 2016, which debuted at number two on the Billboard 200. It also debuted at number two in Japan, and at number one in several other markets, including Australia, the Netherlands, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and the UK. Mark Savage, writing for BBC News, called the album "a mature, confident record". In August, Grande released a third single from the album, "Side to Side", featuring rapper Nicki Minaj, her eighth top ten entry on the Hot 100, which peaked at number four on that chart. Dangerous Woman was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album and the title track for Best Pop Solo Performance. Aside from music, Grande played Penny Pingleton in the NBC television broadcast Hairspray Live!, which aired in December 2016. Grande recorded the title track of the soundtrack for the 2017 live-action remake of Disney's 1991 animated film Beauty and the Beast. The recording was released as a duet with American singer John Legend in February 2017. The same month, Grande embarked on her third concert tour, the Dangerous Woman Tour, to promote the album. On May 22, 2017, her concert at Manchester Arena was the target of a suicide bombing—a shrapnel-laden homemade bomb detonated by an Islamic extremist, motivated by Muslim casualties from US intervention in the Syrian Civil War, as people were leaving the arena. The Manchester Arena bombing, which occurred at the City Room, caused 22 deaths and injured hundreds more. Grande suspended the remainder of the tour and held a televised benefit concert, One Love Manchester, on June 4, helping to raise $23 million to aid the bombing's victims and affected families. The concert featured performances from Grande, as well as Liam Gallagher, Robbie Williams, Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and other artists. To recognize her efforts, the Manchester City Council named Grande the first honorary citizen of Manchester and, later in the year, she was reported to have declined an honorary UK damehood. The tour resumed on June 7 in Paris and ended in September 2017. In August 2017, Grande appeared in an Apple Music Carpool Karaoke episode, singing musical theatre songs with American entertainer Seth MacFarlane. In December 2017, Billboard magazine named her "Female Artist of the Year". 2018–2019: Sweetener and Thank U, Next Grande began working on songs for her fourth studio album, Sweetener with Pharrell Williams in 2016. Grande released "No Tears Left to Cry" as the lead single from Sweetener in April 2018, with the song debuting at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, making Grande the only artist to have debuted the lead single of her first four albums in the top ten of the Hot 100. In June 2018, she was featured in "Bed", the second single from Nicki Minaj's fourth studio album Queen. The same month, she was featured on Troye Sivan's single "Dance to This" from his sophomore album Bloom. The second single, "God Is a Woman", peaked at number 8 on the Hot 100 and became Grande's tenth top ten single in the US. Released in August 2018, Sweetener debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and received acclaim from critics. She simultaneously charted nine songs from the album on the Hot 100, along with a collaboration, making her the fourth female artist to reach the ten-song mark. Grande gave four concerts to promote the album, billed as The Sweetener Sessions, in New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles, and London between August 20 and September 4, 2018. In October 2018, Grande participated in the NBC broadcast, A Very Wicked Halloween, singing "The Wizard and I" from the musical Wicked. The following month, the BBC aired a one-hour special, Ariana Grande at the BBC, featuring interviews and performances. In November 2018, Grande released the single "Thank U, Next" and announced her fifth studio album of the same name. The song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Grande's first chart-topping single in the United States, spending seven non-consecutive weeks atop. Since then, it has been certified eight-times platinum in the United States; the song's music video broke records for most-watched music video on YouTube within 24 hours of release and fastest Vevo video to reach 100 million views on YouTube, at the time. On Spotify, it became the fastest song to reach 100 million streams and most-streamed song by a female artist in a 24-hour period, with 9.6 million streams, before being surpassed by her own "7 Rings" . "Thank U, Next" was the most-streamed song by a woman globally on Apple Music in 2019. Later the same month, Grande released, in collaboration with YouTube, a four-part docuseries titled Ariana Grande: Dangerous Woman Diaries. It shows behind the scenes and concert footage from Grande's Dangerous Woman Tour, including moments from the One Love Manchester concert, and follows her professional life during the tour and the making of Sweetener. The series debuted on November 29, 2018. By the end of the year, she became the most-streamed female artist on Spotify, and was named Billboard's Woman of the Year. In January 2019, it was announced that Grande would be headlining the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, where she became the youngest and only the fourth female artist ever to headline the festival. Grande brought a number of guest artists to perform with her, including NSYNC, P. Diddy, Nicki Minaj, and Justin Bieber. Her set received critical acclaim. Grande's second single from Thank U, Next, "7 Rings", was released on January 18, 2019, and debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 issue dated February 2, becoming her second single in a row to top the charts. It made Grande the third female artist with multiple number-one debuts after Mariah Carey and Britney Spears and fifth artist overall after Justin Bieber and Drake. Spending eight non-consecutive weeks at the summit, it became Grande's most successful song on the chart and was certified diamond in the US. "7 Rings" became 2019's fifth-best-selling song globally, and one of the best-selling digital singles worldwide. Thank U, Next was released on February 8, 2019, and debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 while receiving acclaim from critics. The album garnered Grande's largest sales week of all time in the United States . Her fourth number-one album, and second in less than six months, it marked the shortest gap between number-one albums for a woman at the time. Thank U, Next broke records for the largest streaming week for a pop album and for a female album in the US, with 307 million on-demand streams. At the time, it was the only non-hip hop title among the twenty largest US album streaming weeks, at number eight. The album also achieved the largest streaming week by a female artist in Canada and the United Kingdom. In June 2020, Thank U, Next was certified double platinum by the RIAA. Grande became the first solo artist to occupy the top three spots on the Billboard Hot 100 with "7 Rings" at number one, her third single "Break Up with Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored" debuting at number two, and her lead single "Thank U, Next" rose to number three, and the overall second artist to do so since the Beatles did in 1964 when they occupied the top five spots. In the United Kingdom, Grande became the second female solo artist to simultaneously hold the number one and two spots and the first musical artist to replace herself at number one, twice consecutively. With eleven Thank U, Next tracks appearing within the top 40 region on the Hot 100, Grande broke the record for the most simultaneous top 40 entries by a female artist. In February 2019, it was reported Grande wouldn't attend the Grammy Awards after she had a disagreement with producers over a potential performance at the ceremony. Grande ended up earning her first Grammy, for Best Pop Vocal Album, for Sweetener. The same month, Grande won a Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist. She also embarked on her third headlining tour, the Sweetener World Tour, to promote both Sweetener and Thank U, Next, which began on March 18, and concluded on December 22, 2019. Spanning 97 shows through North America and Europe, it grossed US$146.6 million with over 1.3 million tickets sold, marking Grande's highest-grossing and biggest tour to date. A live album of the tour's setlist, titled K Bye for Now , was released on December 23. Grande was nominated for 9 awards at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards, including Top Artist. She would win two awards for Billboard Chart Achievement and Top Female Artist on May 1, 2019. Grande performed at the event via a pre-recorded performance from her Sweetener World Tour. Grande co-executive produced the soundtrack to the film Charlie's Angels, which was released on November 1, 2019; she co-wrote and performed various songs for the record. The soundtrack was met with lukewarm reception. A collaboration with Miley Cyrus and Lana Del Rey, titled "Don't Call Me Angel", was released as the lead single on September 13. Pitchfork wrote that the pop stars "meet at a lower creative common denominator than they've enjoyed lately". The track was nominated for Best Original Song at the 24th Satellite Awards. In August 2019, she released the single "Boyfriend" with pop duo Social House; it debuted at number eight on the Hot 100, and became the first song by a woman to top the Rolling Stone Top 100 chart. Grande co-wrote singer Normani's debut solo single "Motivation", which was released on August 16, 2019. Grande won three awards at the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards, including the Artist of the Year award. She was nominated for 12 awards in total, including Video of the Year for "Thank U, Next". Grande was featured on the remix of American singer and rapper Lizzo's song "Good as Hell", which was released on October 25, 2019. By the end of the year, Billboard named Grande the most accomplished female artist to debut in the 2010s, while NME named her one of the defining music artists of the decade. She also became the most-streamed female artist of the decade on music streaming service Spotify. Also, Forbes ranked her amongst the highest-paid celebrities in 2019, placing at number 62 on the list, while Billboard ranked her as 2019's highest-paid solo musician. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , Thank U, Next was the eighth-best-selling album of 2019 globally, having sold over one million copies worldwide. It also ranked as the second-best-performing album on the Billboard 200 year-end chart of 2019. 2020–2023: Positions In January 2020, Grande received multiple nominations at the 2020 iHeartRadio Music Awards, including Female Artist of the Year. At the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards, Grande performed a medley of "Imagine", "My Favorite Things", "7 Rings", and "Thank U, Next". Her performance was ranked by various publications as one of the best of the ceremony. Grande received the third-most nominations , including her first nods for Album of the Year and Record of the Year . She was named by Billboard and The Hollywood Reporter as one of the biggest snubs of the ceremony. Grande and Justin Bieber released a collaboration song titled "Stuck with U" on May 8, 2020; net proceeds from the sales of the song were donated to the First Responders Children's Foundation in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Grande's third chart-topping single. Alongside Bieber, both artists tied Mariah Carey and Drake for the most songs to debut at number one on the Hot 100; Grande became the first artist to have her first three number ones debut at the top, following "Thank U, Next" and "7 Rings". Grande also released a collaboration with Lady Gaga, "Rain on Me", as the second single from Gaga's sixth studio album Chromatica. The song also debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Grande's fourth number-one single and helping her break the record for the most number-one debuts on that chart. The song won the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance category at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards. In 2020, Grande became the highest-earning woman in music on Forbes's 2020 Celebrity 100 list, placing 17th overall with $72 million. At the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards, she was nominated for nine awards for both "Stuck with U" and "Rain on Me" . For the latter, Grande received her third consecutive nomination for Video of the Year. She won four awards, including Song of the Year for "Rain on Me". Grande's sixth studio album, Positions, was released on October 30, 2020. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 174,000 units, becoming Grande's fifth number-one album. The eponymous lead single was released on October 23. It debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Grande's fifth chart-topping single and breaking numerous records. Grande became the first artist to have five number-one debuts on the Hot 100 and the first to have their first five number-ones debut at the top. "Positions" became her third number-one single in 2020 following "Stuck with U" and "Rain on Me", making Grande the first artist since Drake to have three number-one singles in a single calendar year and the first female artist to do so since Rihanna and Katy Perry in 2010. It topped the Pop Airplay chart for seven weeks, surpassing "7 Rings" as Grande's longest-running number-one on the chart. Alongside the release of Positions, the song from the album "34+35" served as the second single off the album. The song debuted at number 8, becoming Grande's 18th top-ten single. Grande released a "34+35" remix featuring American rappers Doja Cat and Megan Thee Stallion on January 15, 2021. The remix helped the song reach a new peak at number two, the highest-charting song credited to three or more female soloists on the Hot 100 since Christina Aguilera, Mýa, Pink and Lil' Kim's "Lady Marmalade" in 2001. The remix was one of five additional tracks included on the deluxe edition of Positions, released on February 19, 2021. On the Pop Airplay chart issue dated February 13, "34+35" replaced Grande's own "Positions" at number one, making her the first artist to replace herself at number one as the only act credited on both tracks, and the fifth artist ever to replace themselves on the chart. On the following chart issue, Grande occupied the top two of the chart with "34+35" and "Positions", becoming the first artist to simultaneously occupy the top two with two solo tracks, and just the sixth artist in chart history to simultaneously occupy the entire top two. It remained at number one for three consecutive weeks. It also reached number one on the Rhythmic airplay chart, marking Grande's third number-one. In March, the song "POV" was sent to radio as the album's third single. The song reached number 27 on the Hot 100 and would reach the top ten on mainstream radio, making Grande the first artist to have three concurrent songs in the top ten on Pop Airplay. Grande was named the most-played artist on iHeartRadio's stations in 2021, reaching 2.6 billion in audience. Positions ranked at number eight on the 2021 year-end Billboard 200 chart. On November 13, 2020, Grande made a surprise appearance on the Adult Swim Festival, performing music artist Thundercat's song "Them Changes" alongside him, which Grande had previously covered. Grande and Jennifer Hudson also featured on a remix of Mariah Carey's 2010 Christmas song "Oh Santa!". The song was released on December 4, 2020, as part of Mariah Carey's Magical Christmas Special. Grande released the concert film for her Sweetener World Tour, Excuse Me, I Love You, on December 21, 2020, exclusively on Netflix. In April, Grande was featured on a remix of the Weeknd's "Save Your Tears". The remix reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and Canadian Hot 100, becoming both artists' sixth number-one single on both charts. It also topped the Billboard Global 200, marking Grande's second number-one single on the chart; it made her the first woman to earn multiple leaders on the chart. She joined Paul McCartney as the only artists to earn three number-one duets on the Hot 100. With 69 weeks, the remix became one of the ten songs with the most total weeks on the chart, and Grande's longest-charting song in the United States. It ranked as the second best-performing song of the year on the Billboard year-end Hot 100, Global 200, and Global Excl. US charts of 2021. Grande and the Weeknd performed "Save Your Tears" together at the 2021 iHeartRadio Music Awards. In June 2021, Grande featured on the song "I Don't Do Drugs" from Doja Cat's third studio album Planet Her. Her contribution as a songwriter and featured artist on the song earned Grande a nomination for Album of the Year at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. In September 2021, she joined as a coach of the twenty-first season of The Voice; Grande became the highest-paid coach in the show's history, earning a reported $25 million per season. The season concluded in December 2021; Grande did not return for the next season. Also in December, she appeared in Adam McKay's film Don't Look Up, alongside Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, and Meryl Streep. With streams of more than 152 million hours in a week, it broke the record for the biggest week of views in Netflix history, at the time. To promote the film, Grande released the song "Just Look Up", in collaboration with rapper Kid Cudi, on December 3, 2021. At the 27th Critics' Choice Awards, Grande received nominations in the categories Best Song and Best Acting Ensemble, as a part of the cast. She also received a nomination at the 28th Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. On February 24, 2023, following months-long renewed interest in and virality of the Weeknd's 2016 song "Die for You", a remix of the song with Grande was released. The remix marked their fourth collaboration. In the Billboard Hot 100 issue dated March 11, 2023, the remix reached the top of the chart, becoming both artists' seventh number-one hit. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , it was the fourth best-selling song of 2023 globally. On August 25, 2023, Grande released a reissue of her debut studio album, Yours Truly . On December 9, 2023, Grande and Jennifer Hudson made a surprise appearance onstage to sing the "Oh Santa!" remix at Mariah Carey's show at the Madison Square Garden, of her Merry Christmas One and All! tour. 2024–present: Eternal Sunshine and Wicked On January 17, 2024, Grande announced her seventh studio album, titled Eternal Sunshine. Its lead single, "Yes, And?", was released on January 12, 2024, and debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100. The song topped the Billboard Global 200 and Global Excl. US charts for two weeks. On February 16, a remix of "Yes, And?" featuring Mariah Carey. The album was released on March 8, along with the second single off the record, "We Can't Be Friends ". Grande's first album in over three years, it marked her first foray into dance and house music. Met with universal acclaim, critics dubbed Eternal Sunshine one of her most mature and sophisticated records yet. Both the album and its second single debuted atop the Billboard 200 and the Hot 100 respectively, achieving Grande's third-largest sales week and making her the woman with the most Hot 100 number-one debuts . Grande became the first woman to have two albums produce multiple number-one single debuts in the US, after Thank U, Next. It also marked her first instance of reaching the top of both the Billboard Hot 100 Songwriters and Hot 100 Producers charts. Topping the Pop Airplay chart for two weeks, "We Can't Be Friends " marked Grande's tenth number-one. On May 6, 2024, Grande performed at the Met Gala, and was joined on stage by Cynthia Erivo to close out her performance. "The Boy Is Mine", which reached the top 20 on the Hot 100, was released as the third Eternal Sunshine single in June; a remix featuring Brandy and Monica followed later that month. On August 22, 2024, Grande released a reissue of her second studio album, My Everything, for the tenth anniversary of the record. Two extended editions of Eternal Sunshine containing the pre-released single remixes, guest vocals from Troye Sivan, and live versions of several tracks, were surprise released in March and October. Grande appeared on Saturday Night Live as the musical guest on March 9, 2024 to promote Eternal Sunshine. Grande featured on the remix to "Sympathy Is a Knife" on Charli XCX's remix album Brat and It's Completely Different but Also Still Brat, released on October 11, 2024. On the Las Culturistas podcast, Grande acknowledged that she would likely scale back her pop music output compared to earlier in her career, shifting her focus more towards acting. At the 67th Annual Grammy Awards, Grande was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album , Best Pop Duo/Group Performance , and Best Dance Pop Recording . Grande released Eternal Sunshine Deluxe: Brighter Days Ahead, a deluxe reissue of Eternal Sunshine, on March 28, 2025. She starred as the protagonist Peaches in an accompanying short film Brighter Days Ahead, co-directed and co-written by Christian Breslauer and her, which was released on the same day. Grande starred as Galinda Upland, alongside Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba Thropp, in the two-part film adaptation of the fantasy musical Wicked, directed by Jon M. Chu. She was cast in November 2021, and auditioned five times for the role. She was credited with her birth name Ariana Grande-Butera, which was her name when she first saw the stage musical at age 10. Grande reported that she began taking acting and singing lessons months before she auditioned for the role of Glinda because she wanted to be cast "so badly". The first part, Wicked, was theatrically released on November 22, 2024. A critical and commercial success, it grossed over US$735 million worldwide and became the highest-grossing musical adaptation film of all time. Grande's performance and comedic timing received praise from critics; she was nominated for supporting actress categories at the 97th Academy Awards, 82nd Golden Globe Awards, the 30th Critics' Choice Awards, the 78th British Academy Film Awards, and the 31st Screen Actors Guild Awards. To promote Wicked, she appeared on Saturday Night Live as the host on October 12, 2024. The episode drew the show's highest ratings since May 2021 and became its most-watched episode on Peacock and social media. The film's accompanying soundtrack was co-billed to Grande, who performed seven songs from the musical. It was met with positive reception and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with 139,000 units, marking the highest debut for a soundtrack to a stage-to-film adaptation. On March 2, 2025, Grande and her co-star Erivo opened the 97th Academy Awards ceremony with their performance of a Wicked medley: "Over the Rainbow", "Home", and "Defying Gravity". Artistry Musical style Grande's music is generally pop and R&B with elements of EDM, hip hop, and trap, the latter first appearing prominently on her Christmas & Chill extended play. While consistently maintaining pop and R&B tones, she has increasingly incorporated trap into her music as her career has progressed, thanks to her work with record producer Tommy Brown. She has collaborated with Brown on every album thus far and stated that "one of the things I love most about working with Tommy is that none of the beats he plays me ever sound the same." Grande learned how to sound engineer and produce her own vocals because she "love[s] being hands on" with every project, revealing that rapper Mac Miller first taught her how to use the digital audio workstation Pro Tools. Collaborator Justin Tranter remarked that he felt inspired seeing how involved Grande is in creating her music "from the writing to the vision to the storytelling and to even engineering and comping her own vocals." She has co-written songs addressing a wide variety of themes, such as love, sex, wealth, breakups, independence, empowerment, self-love and moving on from the past. Grande's debut album Yours Truly was complimented for recreating the R&B "vibe and feel of the 90s" with the help of songwriter and producer Babyface. Her follow-up record, My Everything, explored EDM and electropop genres. Grande expanded the pop and R&B sound on her third album, Dangerous Woman, which was praised by the Los Angeles Times for integrating elements of different styles, such as reggae-pop , dance-pop , and guitar-trap fusion . Trap-pop was more heavily featured on her fourth and fifth studio albums, Sweetener and Thank U, Next. Elias Leight of Rolling Stone opined that Grande "set her sights on conquering trap, savage basslines and jittery swarms of drum programming" and "embrace[d] the sound of hard-bitten Southern hip-hop" on Sweetener, exploring funk music with themes of love and prosperity. Craig Jenkins of Vulture noted that she embraced trap and hip hop with undertones of R&B on Thank U, Next, with lyrics about breakups, empowerment, and self-love. Her sixth album, Positions, further emphasized the R&B and trap-pop sound of its two predecessors, with lyrics discussing sex and romance. Influences Grande grew up listening mainly to urban pop and 1990s music. She credited Gloria Estefan with inspiring her to pursue a music career after Estefan saw and complimented Grande's performance on a cruise ship when she was eight years old. Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston are her primary vocal influences: "I love Mariah Carey. She is literally my favorite human being on the planet. And of course Whitney [Houston] as well. As far as vocal influences go, Whitney and Mariah pretty much cover it." Grande was also influenced vocally by Destiny's Child, Celine Dion, Christina Aguilera, and Madonna. She reflected on her childhood by posting videos of herself singing songs from Dion's 1997 album Let's Talk About Love on her social media. Grande credits Madonna with "pav[ing] the way for me and also every other female artist" and admitted to being "obsessed with her entire discography". Musically, Grande admires India Arie because her "music makes me feel like everything is going to be okay", loves Brandy's songs because "her riffs are incredibly on point", and praised Imogen Heap's "intricate" song structure. Heap in particular Grande has said is her favorite musician, songwriter, and producer of all time. Grande also named Judy Garland as a childhood influence, admiring her ability to tell "a story when she sings". Music producer and collaborator Savan Kotecha stated that he and Grande were influenced by Lauryn Hill when creating her fourth album Sweetener and its lead single "No Tears Left to Cry". Kotecha told Variety, "we were listening to Lauryn Hill about chord changes and why we stick to four chords all the time". Grande expressed admiration for rappers' unconventional music release strategy. She told Billboard, "My dream has always been to be—obviously not a rapper, but, like, to put out music in the way that a rapper does. I feel like there are certain standards that pop women are held to that men aren't ... It's just like, 'Bruh, I just want to ... drop [music] the way these boys do." It inspired her to release "Thank U, Next" without any prior announcement, which The Ringer called "more of a Drake move than an Ariana Grande move". Voice Grande has been described as a soprano, possessing a four-octave vocal range and a whistle register. With the release of Yours Truly, critics compared Grande's wide vocal range and music to those of Mariah Carey. Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of Billboard wrote that both Carey and Grande have "the talent to let their vocals do the talking ... that's not where the similarities end. ... Grande is subverting it with cute, comfortable, and on-trend dresses with a feminine slant." Mark Savage of BBC News named Grande "one of pop's most intriguing and gifted singers" and complimented her "unrivalled vocal control". In The New York Times, Jon Pareles noted that Grande's voice "can be silky, breathy or cutting, swooping through long melismas or jabbing out short R&B phrases; it's always supple and airborne, never forced." Composer and playwright Jason Robert Brown wrote in a 2016 Time magazine article, "[N]o matter how much you are underestimated ... you are going to open your mouth and that unbelievable sound is going to come out. That [...] instrument [...] allows you to shut down every objection and every obstacle." Public image Grande cited Audrey Hepburn as a major style influence in her early career; however, she later found emulating Hepburn's style "a little boring". She also drew inspiration from actresses of the 1950s and 1960s, such as Ann-Margret, Nancy Sinatra, and Marilyn Monroe. Grande's modest look early in her career was described as "age appropriate" in comparison to contemporary artists who grew up in the public eye. Jim Farber of New York's Daily News wrote in 2014 that Grande received less attention "for how little she wears or how graphically she moves than for how she sings." That year, she abandoned her earlier style in favor of short skirts and crop tops with knee-high boots in live performances and red carpet events. She also began regularly wearing cat and bunny ears and, subsequently, oversized jackets and hoodies. Grande's style is often imitated by social media influencers and celebrities. After years of dyeing her hair red for her role as Cat Valentine on Nickelodeon, Grande wore extensions as her hair recovered from damage. Anne T. Donahue of MTV News noted that her "iconic" high ponytail has received more attention than her fashion choices. Although Grande drew criticism for alleged impolite interactions with reporters and fans in 2014, she dismissed the reports as "weird, inaccurate depictions". Rolling Stone wrote: "Some may cry 'diva', but it's also Grande just taking a stand to not allow others to control her image." In July 2015, Grande sparked controversy after being seen on surveillance video in a doughnut shop licking doughnuts that were on display and saying "I hate Americans. I hate America. This is disgusting", referring to a tray of doughnuts. She subsequently apologized, saying that she is "EXTREMELY proud to be an American" and that her comments rather referred to obesity in the United States. She later released a video apology for "behaving poorly". The incident was parodied by The Muppets. Grande herself poked fun at the incident while hosting Saturday Night Live in 2016, saying, "A lot of kid stars end up doing drugs, or in jail, or pregnant, or get caught licking a doughnut they didn't pay for." In 2020, she said that she stopped doing interviews for a while out of fear that her words would be misconstrued and that she would be labeled a "diva". With a large following on social media, Grande is one of the most influential celebrities on the internet. As of March 2024, her YouTube channel has over 54 million subscribers, making her among the most-subscribed music artists on the platform. Her music videos have been viewed a total of over 27 billion times, with eight of them reaching over one billion views; two of them have surpassed over two billion views, with Grande's highest-viewed video having over 2.2 billion views on YouTube. Her Spotify profile has amassed over 100 million followers, making her the fifth-most-followed artist and third-most-followed woman. She is the sixth-most-followed individual on Instagram, and was the first woman to surpass 150 million and 200 million followers on the platform. She was the most-followed woman on the platform from 2019 to January 2022. In December 2021, Grande deleted her Twitter account, which was one of the most-followed accounts on the platform. She explained that she "always wanted to say things to [her] fans that were meant for just [her] fans [...] sometimes it would travel in a way that it wasn't intended to [...] where people who don't speak our language would kind of become involved in weird, strange way. I think I was just so sensitive [and] it started taking toll on my relationship to work. I wanted to prioritize being an artist and having a healthy relationship to my fans and to art". However, she stated that she is "very much [an] 'on the internet' person". Often regarded as a pop icon and triple threat entertainer, wax figures of Grande are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Orlando, Amsterdam, Bangkok, Sydney, Berlin, London, Vienna, Hollywood, Hong Kong and Blackpool. Achievements Recognition In 2016 and 2019, Grande was named one of Time's 100 most influential people in the world. In 2017, Celia Almeida of the Miami New Times wrote that of all the biggest pop stars of the past 20 years, Grande made the most convincing transition "from ingénue to an independent female artist". Bloomberg named her the "first pop diva of the streaming generation" in 2020. Regarded as a pop icon, Grande was nicknamed "Princess of Pop" by Guinness World Records. Due to her 2014 song "Santa Tell Me" becoming a modern-day Christmas standard and having a lasting impact, Grande was dubbed the "Princess of Christmas". Grande was also included in Pitchfork's list of "The 200 Most Important Artists of Pitchfork's First 25 Years" for "emerging with music that pushed her artistry further as it asserted a magical trifecta of hope, joy, and a powerhouse voice". Her song "Thank U, Next" was ranked number 137 in Rolling Stone's 2021 revision of their 500 Greatest Songs of All Time, while its parent album was ranked number 61 in their "250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century". In 2023, the magazine ranked Grande among the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time, at number 43. The Hollywood Reporter named her as one of its "Platinum Power Players" in music in 2024. In May 2024, Katy Perry claimed that Grande is "the best singer of our generation". Billboard ranked Grande as the ninth-greatest pop star, out of 25 artists, of the 21st century, and eighth on its list of the Top 100 Women Artists of the 21st Century. Recording artists who have cited Grande as an influence or inspiration include Billie Eilish, Breanna Yde, Bryson Tiller, Chappell Roan, Charlie Puth, Giselle of Aespa, Grace VanderWaal, Jungkook of BTS, Lana Del Rey, Madison Beer, Maggie Lindemann, Meghan Trainor, Melanie Martinez, Michelle Zauner of Japanese Breakfast, Sufjan Stevens, Tate McRae, Troye Sivan, and Zara Larsson. Music records and awards Grande has sold over 90 million records worldwide, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. All of Grande's studio albums have been certified platinum or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America and have spent at least one year charting on the Billboard 200 chart. Her highest-certified album by the RIAA is My Everything, at quadruple platinum, whilst her longest-charting album, Thank U, Next, has spent 171 non-consecutive weeks on the chart. Grande has accumulated 13 million albums and 96.6 million digital singles units as a lead artist in the United States, making her the 16th highest-certified artist and fifth highest-certified female artist on RIAA's Top Artists ranking, 30th overall, and sixth among women across all units. In the US, Grande has moved 22.4 million album units, and garnered over 23.6 billion streams across lead artist credits, as of 2023, according to Luminate. Two of her songs have been certified diamond by the RIAA: "Bang Bang" and "7 Rings". She is one of the best-selling female artists in the UK, with over 31 million certified units as of 2024. Having amassed 98 billion streams globally as of 2021, Grande is one of the most-streamed artists of all time and was the first female artist to surpass 90 billion streams. She was the most-streamed female artist of the 2010s decade on Spotify, being the only woman in the overall top five. She was also the most-streamed female act on Apple Music as of 2019, and was the first female act to amass 3 billion total streams on the platform. Grande was also the most-streamed female artist, and fourth-most-streamed artist in the US of the 2010s decade, in audio and video streams across all services; being the only woman and non-rapper in the top five. She became the most-streamed female artist of all time on Spotify in 2020, surpassing Rihanna, and held the record for over two years. As of 2024, Grande is the second-most-streamed woman and the sixth-most-streamed act ever, with over 54 billion streams . She is the second woman in the platform's history to amass 40 and 50 billion streams. Her songs and albums are some of the most-streamed of all time. Grande became the first woman with one and two billion streams with one album, 3.5 billion streams on three separate albums, and the first artist to have five albums with four billion streams. Grande has 20 songs that have surpassed over one billion streams on Spotify, making her the female artist with the most songs to have achieved the feat; she was the first woman to have 14 and 20 songs surpass the mark. In 2024, Grande became the first artist to have five albums with multiple songs over a billion streams on the streaming platform. That year, she also became the first woman with over 123 million monthly listeners on the app, achieving the highest number for a female act at the time. Grande is the fifth-most-followed artist and third-most-followed female artist on Spotify, with over 103 million followers; she is only the fourth artist in the streaming service's history to surpass 100 million followers. Her 2014 single "Santa Tell Me" is the most-streamed Christmas song released in the 2010s, and third-most-streamed overall, on Spotify; the most successful holiday song released in the 21st century; and the eighth-most successful holiday song of all time. Grande is the second-most-subscribed female soloist on YouTube, with over 55 million subscribers. Eight of her music videos have surpassed over one billion views; two of them have received over two billion views on the app. Grande has won two Grammy Awards, one Brit Award, ten MTV Video Music Awards , three MTV Europe Music Awards, and three American Music Awards. She has received 42 Billboard Music Award nominations and won 2 in 2019, including Top Female Artist. Grande has won nine Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, including one in 2014 for Favorite TV Actress for her performance on Sam & Cat, and three People's Choice Awards. In 2014, she received the Breakthrough Artist of the Year Award from the Music Business Association and Best Newcomer at the Bambi Awards. She has won six iHeartRadio Music Awards and twelve Teen Choice Awards. She was named Billboard Women in Music's Rising Star in 2014 and Woman of the Year in 2018, the greatest pop star of 2019, with honorable mentions in 2014 and 2018; and the most successful female artist to debut in the 2010s by Billboard. Grande was named as one of the ten best-selling global recording artists of 2018, 2019, and 2020 by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , being the highest-ranked woman of 2018 . For acting, Grande has earned an Academy Award, Golden Globe, Critics' Choice, BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award, and Satellite Award nomination each. Nine singles by Grande have topped the Billboard Hot 100, her most recent being "We Can't Be Friends ". Grande has a total of twenty-three top-ten songs on the chart, which includes sixteen top-ten debuts thus far, beginning with her first single "The Way"; the lead single from each of her first seven studio albums have debuted in the top ten, making her the only artist to achieve this. In 2020, she became the first act to have her first five number-one singles, "Thank U, Next", "7 Rings", "Stuck With U", "Rain on Me", and "Positions" debut at number one; that year, Grande also broke the record for the most number one debuts and became the first female artist topping Global 200, Global 200 Excl. US and Hot 100 simultaneously. Grande would also become the first artist to have three singles debut at number one on a single calendar year. She later broke the record for most simultaneously charting songs on the top 40 of the Hot 100 for a female artist with the release of her fifth studio album, Thank U, Next, when eleven of the twelve tracks charted within the region . The three singles from Thank U, Next, "7 Rings", "Break Up with Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored", and "Thank U, Next" charted at numbers one, two, and three respectively on the week of February 23, 2019, making Grande the first solo artist to occupy the top three spots of the Billboard Hot 100 and the first artist to do so since the Beatles in 1964. With her album Thank U, Next, Grande set the record for the largest streaming week for a pop album and for a female artist at the time, with 307 million on-demand audio streams. With "Die for You" with the Weeknd reaching number one, Grande surpassed Paul McCartney as the artist with the most number-one duets in Hot 100 history, with four songs. As of December 2024, Grande has 91 entries on the Hot 100, and is the fourth female artist with the most Hot 100 entries. Grande is also the female artist with the most number-one debuts on the Hot 100 , a tie with Taylor Swift. On the Billboard Pop Airplay chart, Grande has 10 number-ones and 22 top-ten songs. She was also named the Billboard year-end Top Female Artist of 2017 and 2019 and was ranked sixth among women on the magazine's decade-end Top Artists Chart for the 2010s, the highest for any female act to have debuted that decade. The magazine also ranked her as the sixth-greatest pop star of 2024, 78th on the "Greatest of All Time Hot 100 Artists" chart, and 19th on their "Top Artists of the 21st Century" list. As of 2025, Grande has broken 37 Guinness World Records. These records included the most songs to debut at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, most followers on Spotify , most monthly listeners on Spotify , most-streamed act on Spotify , most streamed track in one week by a female artist on the Billboard charts, fastest hat-trick of UK No. 1 singles by a female artist, first female artist to replace herself at No. 1 on UK singles chart, first solo artist to replace themselves at No. 1 on UK singles chart for two consecutive weeks, most subscribers for a musician on YouTube , most streamed album by a female artist in one week , among others. Eleven records were achieved from the success of her album Thank U, Next which was featured in the 2020 edition. Philanthropy and activism At age ten, Grande co-founded the South Florida youth singing group Kids Who Care, which performed at charitable fund-raisers and raised over $500,000 in 2007 alone. In 2009, as a member of the charitable organization Broadway in South Africa, she and her brother Frankie performed and taught music and dance to children in Gugulethu, South Africa. She was featured with Bridgit Mendler and Kat Graham in Seventeen magazine in a 2013 public campaign to end online bullying called "Delete Digital Drama". After watching the film Blackfish that year, she urged fans to stop supporting SeaWorld. In September 2014, Grande participated at the charitable Stand Up to Cancer television program, performing her song "My Everything" in memory of her grandfather, who had died of cancer that July. Grande has adopted several rescue dogs as pets and has promoted pet adoption at her concerts. In 2016, she launched a line of lip shades, "Ariana Grande's MAC Viva Glam", with MAC Cosmetics, the profits of which benefited people affected by HIV and AIDS. In 2015, Grande and Miley Cyrus performed a cover of Crowded House's "Don't Dream It's Over" as part of Cyrus' "Backyard Sessions" to benefit her Happy Hippie Foundation, which helps homeless and LGBT youths. Later that year, Grande headlined the Dance On the Pier event, part of the LGBT Pride Week in New York City. As a feminist, Grande wrote a well-received, "empowering" essay on Twitter decrying the double standard and misogyny in the focus of the press on female musicians' relationships and sex lives instead of "their value as an individual". She noted that she has "more to talk about" concerning her music and accomplishments rather than her romantic relationships. That year, Grande joined Madonna to raise funds for orphaned children in Malawi; she and Victoria Monét recorded "Better Days" in support of the Black Lives Matter movement. To aid the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017, Grande organized the One Love Manchester concert and re-released "One Last Time" and her live performance of "Over the Rainbow" at the event as charity singles. The total amount raised was reportedly $23 million , and she received praise for her "grace and strength" in leading the benefit concert. Madeline Roth of MTV wrote that the performance "bolstered courage among an audience that desperately needed it. ... Returning to the stage was a true act of bravery and resilience". In 2017, New York magazine's Vulture section ranked the event as the No. 1 concert of the year, and Billboard's Mitchell Harrison called Grande a "gay icon" for her LGBT-friendly lyrics and performances and "support for the LGBTQ community". In September 2017, Grande performed in A Concert for Charlottesville which benefitted the victims of the August 2017 white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. In March 2018, she participated in March for Our Lives to support gun control reform. Grande donated the proceeds from the first show in Atlanta on her Sweetener World Tour to Planned Parenthood in a response to the passage of a number of anti-abortion laws in several states including Georgia. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Grande donated between $500 and $1,000 each to a number of fans as financial support. Grande also supported a COVID-19 fund named Project 100, which aimed to provide $1,000 digital payments to 100,000 families who have been greatly impacted by the pandemic. In May 2020, Grande announced that all net proceeds from her collaboration with singer Justin Bieber, "Stuck With U", would be donated to the First Responders Children's Foundation to fund grants and scholarships for children of frontline workers who are working during the global pandemic. That month, Grande joined a Los Angeles protest against the murder of George Floyd, demanding justice and asking fans to sign petitions condemning the act of police brutality. She highlighted white privilege and called for more activism outside social media. The following month, she praised a Black-owned coffee shop on Instagram, and encouraged her LA-based followers to support the business. In recent years, Grande surprised kids, who spend the holiday at children's hospitals in L.A. and the UK, with gifts from wish lists at the UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital and the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital, among others. Manchester Foundation Trust Charity revealed that Grande had gifted nearly 1,000 presents to patients across the hospital network's children's wards and newborn intensive care units in 2021. In June 2021, Grande and other celebrities signed an open letter to Congress requesting passage of the Equality Act, highlighting that the Act would protect "marginalized communities". In the same month, Grande partnered with the online portal BetterHelp, and gave away $2 million worth of therapy to fans. On International Transgender Day of Visibility in 2022, she launched the Protect & Defend Trans Youth Fund to benefit transgender youth, pledging to match every donation up until $1.5 million. In May 2022, Grande was among 160 artists and influencers, who signed a 'Bans Off Our Bodies' full-page advertisement in The New York Times, in support of abortion rights in the US. Grande was also one of 175 entertainers to sign an open letter to oppose books bans in US schools in 2023. In June 2022, Grande endorsed Karen Bass for 2022 Los Angeles mayoral election. In 2023, Grande signed an open letter from Artists4Ceasefire to president Joe Biden during the Gaza war. In May 2024, after Israel launched an airstrike on Rafah, Grande shared a fundraiser aimed at providing humanitarian aid for Palestinians in Gaza. Following Biden's withdrawal from the 2024 US presidential election, Grande showed support for vice president Kamala Harris's campaign. Business and ventures Products and endorsements In November 2015, she released a limited edition handbag in collaboration with Coach. In January 2016, she launched a makeup collection with MAC Cosmetics, donating 100% of proceeds to the MAC AIDS Fund. In February 2016, Grande launched a fashion line with Lipsy London. Later that year, she teamed up with Brookstone, using the concept art of artist Wenqing Yan, to design cat ear headphones. In 2017, Grande collaborated with Square Enix to create a character based on herself for the mobile game Final Fantasy Brave Exvius. Grande was a limited-time unlockable character as part of the Dangerous Woman Tour event, which also included an orchestral remix of Grande's song "Touch It"; the character, Dangerous Ariana, is a magical support character who uses music-based attacks. In September 2017, she became a brand ambassador for Reebok. In August 2018, she partnered with American Express for The Sweetener Sessions, a partnership which continued through the Sweetener World Tour in 2019, alongside T-Mobile. In March 2019, she partnered with Starbucks for the launch of the Cloud Macchiato beverage. In May 2019, Grande was announced as the face of Givenchy's fall-winter campaign. The campaign began in July and generated $25.13 million in media impact value. In July 2024, she became the brand ambassador of Swarovski; Grande's first appearance as the face was in the house's holiday campaign in October 2024. Grande collaborated with the company's global creative director Giovanna Battaglia Engelbert on a capsule collection, released in January 2025. Beats, Samsung, Fiat, Reebok, and Guess products have been featured in Grande's music videos. She has appeared in commercials for Macy's, T-Mobile, and Apple, as well as for her own fragrances. Since 2019, Grande has been among the ten highest-paid individuals on Instagram. As of 2023, Grande earns $1.6 million per sponsored Instagram post. Fragrances Grande has released eighteen fragrances with Luxe Brands. She launched her debut fragrance, Ari by Ariana Grande, in 2015. In the wake of its success, she launched her third fragrance, Sweet Like Candy, in 2016. Her fifth fragrance, Moonlight, was released in 2017, followed by Cloud , Thank U, Next , R.E.M. , and God Is A Woman , which was later expanded to an Ulta-exclusive body care line in 2022. She then released the duo fragrance collection Mod Vanilla and Mod Blush . It was followed by the collection Lovenotes , which consisted of four region-exclusive fragrances. The range also includes the limited editions Frankie , Sweet Like Candy Limited Edition , Thank U, Next 2.0, Cloud Intense , and Cloud Pink . The fragrances won the FiFi Award multiple times, most recently with R.E.M. in 2021. In 2022, it was reported that Cloud was the best-selling fragrance at Ulta, selling one bottle every eleven seconds. As of 2024, the scents are developed and manufactured in collaboration with Robertet Group and International Flavors & Fragrances. Grande's fragrance line is the most-searched celebrity offering, with over 4.4 million searches across Google and social media platforms per year, as of 2023. Since its launch in 2015, the franchise has made over $1 billion in retail sales globally. R.E.M. Beauty In November 2021, Grande launched her makeup line R.E.M. Beauty, which is distributed at Ulta Beauty as of March 2022. The original line featured 12 core products for lips and eyes, and the range has since been expanded with additional skincare and makeup products. Forbes reported in 2022 that R.E.M. Beauty was one of the brands boosting Ulta's driving gross margin due to strong consumer demand. In May, the line won "Best New Brand" at the Allure Best of Beauty Awards. In February 2023, the brand was launched in 81 Sephora stores and 13 online sites, including across Europe. Personal life Grande has said she struggled with hypoglycemia, which she attributed to poor dietary habits. She has been a vegan since 2013. Fans questioned in 2019 whether she was still a vegan after working with Starbucks to create a special edition of one of her favorite drinks which was revealed to contain eggs. Her nutritionist, Harley Pasternak, told the magazine Glamour that Grande is vegan but that he has gotten her to "feel OK about indulging and celebrating sometimes". Grande developed post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety after the Manchester Arena bombing; she nearly pulled out of her performance in the 2018 broadcast A Very Wicked Halloween due to anxiety. Grande has also said she has been in therapy for over a decade, having first seen a mental health professional shortly after her parents' divorce. Grande does not label her sexuality, but is attracted to men and women. She was raised Catholic, but left the church during the pontificate of Benedict XVI , opposing its stance on homosexuality and noting that her half-brother Frankie is gay. Grande stated that she and Frankie later visited a Kabbalah Centre and that they both "really had a connection with it." Several of her songs, such as "Break Your Heart Right Back", are supportive of LGBT rights. She has also been labeled "an advocate for a sex-positive attitude". In November 2019, Grande endorsed Bernie Sanders' second presidential bid. She endorsed Joe Biden for the 2020 presidential election, and Kamala Harris for the 2024 presidential election. Relationships Grande's personal relationships have been widely scrutinized by the public. Some of her former lovers were mentioned by name on the song "Thank U, Next". She dated her 13 co-star Graham Phillips for three years. From August 2012 to August 2014, Grande was in an on-again, off-again relationship with Australian YouTuber Jai Brooks. She briefly dated English singer Nathan Sykes during their separation, and then dated rapper Big Sean for eight months. Grande was in a year-long relationship with Ricky Alvarez, who was one of her backup dancers on the Honeymoon Tour. After recording "The Way" in 2012, Grande began dating rapper Mac Miller in 2016. She was prominently featured on his fourth album The Divine Feminine , including on its third single "My Favorite Part". By May 2018, their relationship had ended and Grande entered a whirlwind romance with comedian Pete Davidson. They got engaged in June, after a few weeks of dating, while a song titled after and inspired by Davidson was featured on Sweetener. That September, Miller died from an accidental drug overdose; Grande expressed grief over his death on social media and called him her "dearest friend". She and Davidson called off their engagement and ended their relationship the following month. Grande began dating real estate agent Dalton Gomez in January 2020. Their relationship, while mostly private, was made public in May 2020, in the music video of her and Justin Bieber's charity single "Stuck with U". Grande announced their engagement on December 20, 2020, after 11 months of dating. On May 15, 2021, they married in a private ceremony at her home in Montecito, California. Her wedding pictures became the second-most-liked Instagram post and most-liked Instagram post featuring pictures of people at the time, with over 25 million likes. Grande and Gomez separated on February 20, 2023, and simultaneously filed for divorce in September, citing "irreconcilable differences". They agreed on a divorce settlement in October, which was finalized in March 2024. As of July 2023, Grande is in a relationship with her Wicked co-star Ethan Slater. Filmography Discography Yours Truly My Everything Dangerous Woman Sweetener Thank U, Next Positions Eternal Sunshine Live performances and tours Stage acting Tours Headlining The Listening Sessions The Honeymoon Tour Dangerous Woman Tour Sweetener World Tour Promotional The Sweetener Sessions Opening act Justin Bieber – Believe Tour

=== Bad Bunny ===
Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio , better known by his stage name Bad Bunny, is a Puerto Rican rapper, singer, and record producer. Known as the "King of Latin Trap", Bad Bunny is credited with helping Spanish-language rap music achieve mainstream popularity in the worldwide market. He became the first non-English language American artist to be Spotify's most streamed artist of the year, doing so three consecutive times in 2020–2022. He also holds the record for the most-streamed album on Spotify, with Un Verano Sin Ti . Born and raised in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico, Bad Bunny rose to prominence in 2016 with his song "Diles", which led to a recording contract with Hear This Music. He continued gaining traction with songs such as his feature on Cardi B's Billboard Hot 100 number-one single "I Like It" alongside J Balvin and his top-ten single "Mía" . Bad Bunny's debut studio album, X 100pre , peaked at number 10 on the US Billboard 200, while his collaborative album with J Balvin, Oasis , reached the top ten. His second solo album, YHLQMDLG , became the highest-charting all-Spanish album to appear on the Billboard 200 at the time at number two, and was followed by the compilation album Las que no iban a salir . El Último Tour Del Mundo , Bad Bunny's third solo album, became the first all-Spanish language album to top the Billboard 200, while its lead single, "Dákiti", reached the top ten of the Hot 100. His fourth solo album, Un Verano Sin Ti, spent 13 weeks atop the Billboard 200 and was named the best-performing album of the year in the US and globally. It spawned various commercially successful singles and became the first Spanish-language album to be nominated for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. He followed it with the Billboard 200 number-one albums Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana and Debí Tirar Más Fotos . Throughout his career, Bad Bunny has earned three Grammy Awards, eleven Latin Grammy Awards, eight Billboard Music Awards, and thirteen Lo Nuestro Awards. He was crowned Artist of the Year by Billboard in 2022. As of April 2024, Bad Bunny has sold over seven million records worldwide. Outside of music, he performs in professional wrestling. Bad Bunny began making appearances on WWE programming in 2021 and made his in-ring debut at WrestleMania 37. He is a one-time WWE 24/7 Champion and has wrestled at the 2022 Royal Rumble and the 2023 Backlash pay-per-view events. Early life Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio was born on March 10, 1994, in the Almirante Sur barrio of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico, and raised there. His father, Tito Martínez, was a truck driver, and his mother, Lysaurie Ocasio, is a retired schoolteacher. His parents had often listened to genres such as salsa, merengue, and pop ballads. He has two younger brothers, Bernie and Bysael. He has said, "I wasn't the kid who got involved in the streets. I liked to be at home with my family." As a child, he attended church weekly with his devoutly Catholic mother and sang in the church choir until age 13. After leaving the choir, he developed an interest in the artists he heard on the radio, particularly Daddy Yankee and Héctor Lavoe. His stage name originated from a time when he was forced to wear a bunny costume and was angry about it. Speaking about the Puerto Rican music industry, he stated, "I'm from Vega Baja, a small area that's not a metropolis like San Juan where the majority of the genre's artists have come from." Music career 2013–2017: Early career beginnings He started to write and create his own interpretations at the age of 14, until, in 2013, he began to publish his songs through SoundCloud, including "Get" in 2013, "Tentación" in 2014, "Just let me know" in 2015, among others. In 2016, his song "Diles" caught the attention of DJ Luian from SoundCloud who signed him to his record label, Hear this Music. His single "Soy Peor" reached number 19 on the Hot Latin Songs chart. Bad Bunny's May 2017 collaboration with Karol G, "Ahora Me Llama", reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart. It was listed on "Alt.Latino's Favorites: The Songs Of 2017" as one of the best Latin songs of 2017. In the summer of 2017, Bad Bunny signed a booking deal with Cardenas Marketing Network for several Latin American countries. Starting in November 2017, Bad Bunny hosted Beats 1's first Spanish-language show, Trap Kingz. The remix of "Te Boté" with Ozuna and Nicky Jam reached number one on the Hot Latin Songs chart. 2018–2019: Major breakthrough, X 100pre, and Oasis In May 2018, American rapper Cardi B released a collaboration with Bad Bunny and J Balvin, "I Like It", which topped the Billboard Hot 100. On October 11, 2018, Bad Bunny released "Mia" with Drake, which reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100. Bad Bunny released his debut album X 100pre on December 24, 2018, on Christmas Eve 2018 on Rimas Entertainment. The album peaked at number 11 on the US Billboard 200. On Metacritic, X 100pre received an average score of 84 based on five reviews. Alexis Petridis of The Guardian praised Bad Bunny's "off-kilter creativity". In 2020, X 100pre was voted 447th in Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. On June 28, 2019, Bad Bunny released Oasis, an eight-song collaborative album with J Balvin. It peaked at number nine on the Billboard 200 and topped the Billboard US Latin Albums chart. In July 2019, he joined protests against governor Ricardo Rosselló. Bad Bunny and Residente released "Afilando Los Cuchillos" during the demonstrations. 2020–2021: YHLQMDLG, Las que no iban a salir, and El Último Tour Del Mundo In February 2020, Bad Bunny was a guest performer at the Super Bowl LIV halftime show, headlined by Shakira and Jennifer Lopez. Bad Bunny announced the album YHLQMDLG on February 27, 2020, during an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and stated that it would be released on Leap Day 2020, namely February 29. The album's title stands for "Yo Hago Lo Que Me Da La Gana" and features collaborations with Daddy Yankee, Yaviah, Jowell & Randy, Ñengo Flow, among other artists. YHLQMDLG debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200, becoming the highest-charting all-Spanish album ever on the chart at the time. The album was met with critical acclaim, with the album's musical diversity being praised. "Vete" was released as the lead single of the album on November 22, 2019. The second single, "Ignorantes", with Panamanian singer Sech came out on February 14, 2020. In March 2020, Bad Bunny released the music video for "Yo Perreo Sola", in which the artist performs in drag. "Yo Perreo Sola" landed number one on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart, earning Bad Bunny his ninth No.1 on the chart in just over two years. On April 4, 2020, he released the song "En Casita" on SoundCloud, which expressed solidarity towards others in quarantine due to COVID-19 and featured vocals from his girlfriend, Gabriela Berlingeri. On May 10, 2020, Bad Bunny released his first compilation Las que no iban a salir, without previous announcements. The compilation's title translates to "The Ones that Were Not Going to Come Out" and it contains previously unreleased or unfinished songs. The album features collaborations with Don Omar, Yandel, Zion & Lennox, Nicky Jam, and Jhay Cortez. Discussing the album's surprise release, Bad Bunny explained, "There was no real meaning behind it. I just thought, 'Damn. What people need is entertainment'". Bad Bunny had been filming his supporting role in Narcos: Mexico before filming was postponed due to the pandemic. It premiered in November 2021. In July 2020, he appeared on the first digital cover of Playboy magazine as the first man to appear on the cover other than the magazine's founder, Hugh Hefner. The cover was shot by photographer Stillz in Miami, Florida, and the magazine includes a feature article entitled "Bad Bunny is Not Playing God." He also received the ASCAP Latin award for Songwriter of the Year. The following month, his song "Pero Ya No" appeared in an advertisement for politician Joe Biden's 2020 United States presidential election campaign. On September 20, 2020, Bad Bunny performed a surprise, live , free concert from atop a flatbed truck that looked like a subway car going through the streets of New York and ended at Harlem Hospital. In October 2020, Bad Bunny released the single "Dakiti", with Jhay Cortez, which topped the Billboard Global 200 and reached number five on the US Hot 100. The song is included on his third studio album, El Último Tour Del Mundo, which was released on November 27, 2020, and was described as a personal and ambitious record. It became the first all-Spanish language album to reach number one on the Billboard 200. Bad Bunny and YHLQMDLG respectively became Spotify's most-streamed artist and album globally in 2020. It marked the first time a non-English language music artist topped the year-end list, with a The Guardian article considering him "the world's biggest pop star" for his streaming numbers. The album received the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop or Urban Album at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards. On February 20, 2021, Bad Bunny performed "La Noche de Anoche" with Rosalía and "Te Deseo Lo Mejor" on Saturday Night Live, hosted by Regé-Jean Page, as well as appearing in the pre-recorded musical sketches "Loco" and "Sea Shanty". On the US Billboard Hot 100, Bad Bunny's next single "Yonaguni" became his fourth top 10 entry and first with no accompanying acts. Bad Bunny was cast in an upcoming David Leitch-directed film starring Brad Pitt. In July 2021, it was announced that Bad Bunny co-wrote and co-produced the fifth album of Puerto Rican Latin pop artist Tommy Torres titled El Playlist de Anoche. Bad Bunny won the most awards at the 2021 Billboard Latin Music Awards with ten, including the category Artist of the Year. In the following months, he was featured on Aventura's single "Volví", and released "Lo Siento BB:/" with Tainy and Julieta Venegas. In September 2021, he appeared on the Time 100, Time's annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world. Bad Bunny's 2022 concert tour, El Último Tour del Mundo, has visited the US and Canada indoor arenas. He won Best Urban Music Album and Best Rap/Hip Hop Song at the 22nd Annual Latin Grammy Awards. El Último Tour Del Mundo won Best Música Urbana Album at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. In December 2021, it was announced that Bad Bunny became Spotify's most-streamed artist of the year globally, for a second year in a row. On 24 December 2021, a short film and music video titled Te Deseo Lo Mejor was released in collaboration with the creators of The Simpsons. The film was directed by David Silverman and stars Humberto Vélez, Claudia Motta and Bad Bunny. 2022–present: Un Verano Sin Ti, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana and Debí Tirar Más Fotos In January 2022, Bad Bunny was featured in Vogue Magazine for the second time modeling the current season's best bags. In April 2022, Sony Pictures announced Bad Bunny as the lead for El Muerto, a film set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe. The film was originally set to be released on January 12, 2024, prior to being removed from the release schedule. On May 6, 2022, Bad Bunny released his fourth studio album Un Verano Sin Ti which it became commercially successful as it debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and stood there for thirteen non-consecutive weeks. The album was declared the best-performing album of the year on the Billboard 200 year-end chart, as well as the world's best-performing album of 2022 according to IFPI, making Bad Bunny the first Latino to have won a IFPI Global Chart Award. It also broke the record for the most-streamed album of all time on Spotify. Un Verano Sin Ti became the first Spanish-language album to be nominated for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Bad Bunny began his fourth concert tour World's Hottest Tour on August 5, 2022, set to visit fourteen countries of the American continent. On October 4, 2022, the tour became the highest-grossing tour by a Latin artist in history, earning US$232.5 million at the time. Bad Bunny received the most nominations for the 2022 American Music Awards, including his first for artist of the year. He was crowned Artist of the Year by Billboard in 2022. He also became the most streamed artist of the year in 2022 for the third year in a row. On May 19, 2023, Bad Bunny released his first solo single of the year titled "Where She Goes", in which he ventured into jersey club music. The music video had cameos from Frank Ocean, Lil Uzi Vert, Ronaldinho, and others. In an interview with Vanity Fair on September 12, 2023, Bad Bunny revealed that he is no longer involved in the upcoming El Muerto film after its schedule removal. He has also confirmed that he is working on a new album that is planned to come out sometime during the fall, Bad Bunny hinted at the possibility of the upcoming project's sound, confirming that he is "playing around and enjoying myself, letting go. I'm being inspired a lot by the music of the '70s, —across genres, in both Spanish and English, but I'm not sure if this is going to shape my music, generally or just one song," After weeks of unconfirmed teasers and rumors, Bad Bunny revealed the album's title Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana, which has 22 tracks and was released on October 13, 2023. In May 2024, Bad Bunny co-chaired the annual Met Gala in Manhattan. On January 5, 2025, he released his seventh album, Debí Tirar Más Fotos, stating that it "recommits me to Puerto Rico"; it contains many collaborators representing a range of Puerto Rican styles. Artistry Musical style and influences Bad Bunny is considered to be primarily a Latin trap and reggaeton artist. As described in a Rolling Stone article, Bad Bunny sings and raps with a "conversational tone", employing "a low, slurry tone, viscous melodies, and a rapper's cadence." Throughout the years, Bad Bunny has listed his influences with a wide variety of artists from multiple genres such as Héctor Lavoe, Vico C, Romeo Santos, Juan Luis Guerra, Elvis Crespo, Ricky Martin, Juan Gabriel, Don Omar, Daddy Yankee, Ivy Queen, Tego Calderón, Wisin & Yandel, Hector El Father, Calle 13, Víctor Manuelle, and Marc Anthony, amongst many others. He considers himself to be a "music fanatic" which is the reason why he's inspired by so many people. During an episode of Behind the Music, he talked about Ricky Martin's legacy for Latin music and Latin artists, and how Martin changed the music landscape for future Latin artists. In the music video for Neverita, Bad Bunny paid homage to the Suavemente music video by Puerto Rican artist Elvis Crespo, leaving a message in the end translated from Spanish as "In honor of the best video of all time". Elvis Crespo later felt honored by his tribute and ended up doing a merengue version of the song himself in which he performed at the 2022 Latin Billboard Music Awards. Although primarily considered to be a Latin trap and reggaeton artist, his music also incorporates various other elements from other genres such as pop, hip-hop, rock, electronic, reggae, dancehall, Latin, soul, and R&B. Some publications have credited him for bringing Latin trap into the mainstream in the English-language music market. According to Timothy Monger of AllMusic, his lyrics "range from humor and pathos to heartbreak and anger ". According to Paper, other themes explored in Bad Bunny's music include "self-love, inclusivity, and LGBTQ acceptance". Public image Vanessa Rosales of CNN has opined that "in pink, florals and short shorts, Bad Bunny champions a new masculinity". He has appeared at award shows with manicured, polished, and long fingernails. Ben Beaumont-Thomas of The Guardian opined in 2020 that Bunny's style influenced fellow Latin artists, who "often now share his highly colorful mashup of streetwear and tailoring." Personal life Relationships In 2017, while eating at a restaurant with his family after performing at a Zion & Lennox concert, Bad Bunny met jewelry designer Gabriela Berlingeri. They soon began collaborating professionally before their relationship became public. The two would go their separate ways in late 2022. Bad Bunny began dating model and media star Kendall Jenner in 2023. In September 2023, the two featured together in a shoot for Gucci's Valigeria campaign, one that "explores the intimacy of traveling together." Sexuality In July 2018, Bad Bunny had criticized a nail salon in Asturias, Spain, for refusing to give him service since he was a man; the post led to homophobic comments and questions concerning Bad Bunny's sexuality. Bad Bunny responded to the hateful comments by offering to impregnate the wives of his critics. The post was deleted and Bad Bunny later apologized and deleted his Twitter account. In support of LGBT rights, Bad Bunny criticized a tweet by reggaeton artist Don Omar considered to be homophobic in January 2019. During a performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in February 2020, he called attention to the murder of transgender woman Alexa Negrón Luciano in Puerto Rico by wearing a shirt with the words "They Killed Alexa. Not a Man in a Skirt", referencing news reports that had misgendered the victim. Ricky Martin has stated that Bad Bunny "has become an icon for the Latin queer community" due to his support of gay and transgender Latinos as well as his embrace of drag culture. Bad Bunny was recognized for his allyship in 2023 by queer advocacy organization GLAAD when Ricky Martin presented him with the Vanguard Award for allyship at the 34th GLAAD Media Awards. Bad Bunny has also expressed publicly that he views his own sexuality as fluid. In a 2020 interview with the Los Angeles Times, he stated, "At the end of the day, I don't know if in 20 years I will like a man. One never knows in life. But at the moment I am heterosexual and I like women." At the 2022 MTV Video Music Awards he kissed a male dancer during his performance of "Tití Me Preguntó". Activism Bad Bunny criticized the lack of humanitarian aid in the wake of Hurricane Maria, which devastated the island of Puerto Rico. He established the Good Bunny Foundation, which distributes toys to children living in poverty in Puerto Rico. In 2019, he was nominated for Telemundo's inaugural Premios Tu Música Urbano, in the category of "Humanitarian Award of the Year". On July 22, 2019, Bad Bunny joined artists such as Residente, Ricky Martin, and more than half a million Puerto Ricans in taking the streets and shutting down the Expreso Las Américas, a major highway also known as the Autopista Luis A. Ferré, in protests against government corruption and demanding Ricardo Rosselló's resignation from the office of Governor of Puerto Rico. In May 2020, he had not taken a position regarding the Puerto Rican statehood movement and had stated that he would prefer to answer at a later time with more clarification. He later concluded his answer in January 2021 stating that he would never "want to see Puerto Rico become a State". It was widely understood that he was not necessarily advocating for Puerto Rican independence, only that he opposed the territory ever becoming the 51st state. After a rally held by Republican nominee Donald Trump at Madison Square Garden in October 2024 ahead of the 2024 United States presidential election, in which comedian Tony Hinchcliffe compared Puerto Rico to a "floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean," Bad Bunny posted several videos on Instagram of Democratic nominee Kamala Harris that were critical of Trump. He endorsed Juan Dalmau of the Alianza de País party in the 2024 Puerto Rico gubernatorial election. Legal issues In March 2023, a woman who had been in a relationship with Bad Bunny from 2011 to 2016 filed a US$40 million lawsuit against the rapper and his manager for unauthorized usage of a recording of her voice. According to the lawsuit, a 2015 recording of the woman saying "Bad Bunny, baby" was used without her permission in the songs "Pa Ti" and "Dos Mil 16". Professional wrestling career A self-professed lifelong fan of professional wrestling, Bad Bunny began making appearances in the American promotion WWE in 2021. During WWE's annual Royal Rumble event held on January 31, 2021, Bad Bunny performed his song "Booker T" live, which also had an appearance by the former wrestler of the same name. He then began appearing on WWE's weekly television show, Monday Night Raw. Wrestler Damian Priest, a fellow Puerto Rican, allied with Bad Bunny and helped him win the WWE 24/7 Championship from Akira Tozawa on the February 15 episode of Raw. On the March 15 episode, he relinquished the 24/7 Championship to R-Truth in exchange for "Stone Cold" Steve Austin memorabilia, ending his reign at 28 days. At WrestleMania 37, Bad Bunny teamed with Damian Priest in a tag team match to defeat The Miz and John Morrison in his in-ring wrestling debut. At the 2022 Royal Rumble on January 29, Bad Bunny returned to WWE, competing in the men's Royal Rumble match. He eliminated Sheamus and Dolph Ziggler and lasted until the final five, when he was eliminated by the eventual winner, Brock Lesnar. On January 23, 2023, it was announced that Bad Bunny would be a playable wrestler in the WWE 2K23 video game as a pre-order bonus. On March 8, 2023, it was announced that Bad Bunny would serve as the host for WWE's upcoming event, Backlash, taking place in his native Puerto Rico. On April 1, 2023, Bad Bunny joined the Spanish announce team to commentate during the match between Rey Mysterio and Dominik Mysterio on Night 1 of WrestleMania 39. Bunny would intervene during the match, preventing Dominik from attacking Rey with a chain. Two nights later on Raw, Bunny—who was seated front row as a fan—was attacked and chokeslammed through the announcers table by former partner Damian Priest, who was now a teammate of Dominik Mysterio in The Judgment Day. On the April 24 episode, Bunny returned and attacked Priest with a kendo stick, subsequently announcing that instead of hosting Backlash, he would be wrestling Priest in a San Juan Street Fight at the event. On the May 5 episode of SmackDown, Bunny helped the Latino World Order save Rey Mysterio from an attack from The Judgment Day, leading to Mysterio giving Bunny an LWO t-shirt, signifying his addition to the group. At Backlash on May 6, Bunny defeated Damian Priest in a San Juan Street Fight, to the admiration of his home fans. Championships and accomplishments WWE WWE 24/7 Championship Bumpy Award Best Moment of the Half-Year – Bad Bunny competing at WrestleMania Awards Throughout his career Bad Bunny has received nine nominations at the Grammy Awards, winning three times for Best Latin Pop or Urban Album with YHLQMDLG , Best Música Urbana Album for El Último Tour Del Mundo and Un Verano Sin Ti , and he earned eleven Latin Grammy Awards out of twenty-seven nominations. ASCAP Latin Awards recognized him as the Songwriter of the Year in 2020. Within the MTV award shows, Bad Bunny became the first non-English language artist to win the MTV Video Music Award for Artist of the Year in 2022. Discography Solo studio albums X 100pre YHLQMDLG El Último Tour Del Mundo Un Verano Sin Ti Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana Debí Tirar Más Fotos Collaborative studio albums Oasis Filmography Tours La Nueva Religión Tour X 100Pre Tour El Último Tour del Mundo World's Hottest Tour Most Wanted Tour No Me Quiero Ir de Aquí Notes

=== Billie Eilish ===
Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She first gained public attention in 2015 with her debut single "Ocean Eyes", written and produced by her brother Finneas O'Connell, with whom she collaborates on music and live shows. In 2017, she released her debut extended play , Don't Smile at Me. Commercially successful, it reached the top 15 of record charts in numerous countries, including the US, UK, Canada, and Australia. Eilish's debut studio album, When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? , debuted atop the US Billboard 200 and UK Albums Chart and was one of the year's best-selling albums. Its single "Bad Guy" became the first by an artist born in the 21st century to top the US Billboard Hot 100 and be certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America . The next year, Eilish performed the theme song "No Time to Die" for the James Bond film No Time to Die, which topped the UK Singles Chart and won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2022. Her subsequent singles "Everything I Wanted", "My Future", "Therefore I Am", and "Your Power", each peaked within the top ten in the US and UK. Eilish's second studio album, Happier Than Ever , topped the charts in 25 countries. She wrote and performed "What Was I Made For?" for the fantasy film Barbie , which became her second number-one single in the UK and earned her a second Academy Award. Her third album, Hit Me Hard and Soft , was met with critical acclaim and spawned the US top-five singles "Lunch" and "Birds of a Feather", with the latter becoming her first number-one on the Billboard Global 200. Eilish has received many accolades, including two Academy Awards, nine Grammy Awards, two American Music Awards, twenty Guinness World Records, seven MTV Video Music Awards, four Brit Awards, and two Golden Globe Awards. She is the second artist in Grammy history to win all four general field categories—Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Song of the Year, as well as Best New Artist—in the same year. Eilish is also the first person born in the 21st century to win an Academy Award and the youngest ever two-time winner. She was featured on Time magazine's inaugural Time 100 Next list in 2019 and the Time 100 in 2021. According to the RIAA and Billboard, Eilish is the 26th-highest-certified digital singles artist and one of the most successful artists of the 2010s. She was honored as one of the BBC 100 Women in December 2022. Eilish has a history of political activism, focusing on climate change awareness, women's reproductive rights, and gender equality. Early life Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell was born in Los Angeles, California, on December 18, 2001. She is the daughter of actress and teacher Maggie Baird and actor Patrick O'Connell, both of whom are also musicians and work on Eilish's tours. Eilish is of Irish and Scottish descent. She was conceived via in vitro fertilization. Her middle name, Eilish, was originally meant to be her first name, while Pirate was to have been her middle name. But after her grandfather William Baird died while her mother was pregnant, her parents decided to name her Billie, after her grandfather. She grew up in Los Angeles's Highland Park neighborhood. Eilish and her older brother Finneas were homeschooled by Baird, a decision their parents made to spend time with them and give them the freedom to pursue their interests. Baird taught Eilish and Finneas the basics of songwriting. Eilish said her brother and mother inspired her to get into music. Their parents encouraged the siblings to express themselves and explore whatever they wanted, including art, dancing, and acting. Eilish started playing the ukulele at age six. She performed at talent shows and joined the Los Angeles Children's Chorus at age eight. She wrote her first "real" song at age 11 for her mother's songwriting class. The song is about the zombie apocalypse, inspired by the television series The Walking Dead, from which she took script lines and episode titles. Eilish took some acting auditions, which she disliked, but she enjoyed recording background dialogue for crowd scenes and worked on the films Diary of a Wimpy Kid, Ramona and Beezus, and the X-Men series. Eilish also took dance classes until 2016, when a growth plate injury ended her dance career and she focused on recording music. Career 2015–2017: Don't Smile at Me In 2015, 13-year-old Eilish began working on songs with her brother Finneas, who had been writing and producing for several years and had his own band. The first songs they recorded together were called "She's Broken" and "Fingers Crossed", the former written by Finneas and the latter by Eilish. "We recorded them and put them out on SoundCloud, just for fun", she recalled. On November 18, 2015, Eilish released the song "Ocean Eyes". The track was written, mixed, and produced by Finneas, who had originally created it for his band the Slightlys before deciding it would be a better fit for Eilish's vocals. He gave it to Eilish when Fred Diaz, her dance teacher at the Revolution Dance Center, asked them to write a song for choreography. The siblings uploaded the song to SoundCloud, where Diaz could access and download it. The song received several hundred thousand listens in two weeks, and Finneas's manager, Danny Rukasin, reached out to him to discuss Eilish's potential. Rukasin felt she could achieve significant success with Finneas's help. In January 2016, Finneas and his manager arranged a deal in which Apple Music signed Eilish to A&R company Platoon, specializing in packaging emerging artists before they get a major-label contract. Eilish then got a publicist, who connected her to the luxury fashion brand Chanel, and a stylist, both of whom helped shape her image. On March 24, 2016, a music video for "Ocean Eyes" directed by Megan Thompson premiered on Eilish's official YouTube channel. "Ocean Eyes" and Eilish received praise and promotion from various media outlets and marketers, including radio stations and music supervisors such as Beats 1, KCRW, BBC Radio 1, Zane Lowe, Jason Kramer, Annie Mac, and Chris Douridas. On June 23, 2016, Eilish and Finneas released "Six Feet Under" on SoundCloud as her second single. A homemade music video for the song was released on June 30, 2016. It was directed by Eilish and edited by her mother, Maggie Baird. In August 2016, Justin Lubliner, who had noticed Eilish's talent in 2015 when he first heard "Ocean Eyes", signed her to Darkroom and Interscope Records. He developed her rollout as an artist, taking inspiration from the model of hip hop artists such as Travis Scott and Chance the Rapper, not relying on one big single and focusing on creating a "persona and distinct aesthetic". Darkroom and Interscope Records re-released "Six Feet Under" and "Ocean Eyes" as singles for digital download and streaming on November 17 and 18, 2016, respectively. On November 22, 2016, a dance performance music video for "Ocean Eyes" was uploaded to Eilish's YouTube channel. On January 14, 2017, Eilish released an EP with four remixes by Astronomyy, Blackbear, Goldhouse, and Cautious Clay for "Ocean Eyes", and another EP for "Six Feet Under" featuring remixes by Blu J, Gazzo, Jerry Folk, and Aire Atlantica. After the success of the "Ocean Eyes" remixes, Eilish released "Bellyache" on February 24, 2017. A video for the song was released on March 22, 2017, directed by Miles and AJ. Eilish released "Bored" on March 30, 2017, as part of the soundtrack to the Netflix series 13 Reasons Why. A video for "Bored" was released on June 26, 2017. In March of the same year, Apple Music showcased Eilish at the South by Southwest music festival. On June 30, 2017, Eilish released "Watch". Eilish released another single, "Copycat", on July 14, 2017, and announced the release of her debut EP, Don't Smile at Me. Eilish later released "Idontwannabeyouanymore" and "My Boy". On August 11, 2017, Eilish released Don't Smile at Me. The EP was a sleeper hit, reaching number 14 on the US Billboard 200. Eilish embarked on the Don't Smile at Me Tour throughout October 2017 in support of her EP. Eilish released "Bitches Broken Hearts" through SoundCloud on November 10, 2017. Eilish's team worked with Spotify, which promoted her on its most popular playlist, "Today's Top Hits". The Baffler described Eilish's sound as fitting into the "streambait" genre consisting of largely "mid-tempo, melancholy pop" influenced by Lana Del Rey, whose "singing style, bleakness, and... hip-hop influenced production" shaped the aesthetic. Eilish's commercial success expanded with her Spotify promotion. In September 2017, Apple Music named Eilish their Up Next artist, which followed with a short documentary, a live session EP, and an interview with Zane Lowe on Apple Music's radio station Beats 1. That month, the live EP, Up Next Session: Billie Eilish, was released. On December 15, 2017, Eilish released her collaboration with American rapper Vince Staples, "&Burn", a remix of her single "Watch". It was included on the expanded edition of Don't Smile at Me. 2018–2020: When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? In February 2018, Eilish embarked on her second headlining concert tour, the Where's My Mind Tour, which concluded in April 2018. "Bitches Broken Hearts" was re-released worldwide on March 30, 2018. For Record Store Day 2018, Eilish released "Party Favor" on a pink 7-inch vinyl, along with a cover of "Hotline Bling", by Drake, as the B-side. Eilish collaborated with American singer Khalid on the single "Lovely", which was released on April 19, 2018, and added to the soundtrack for the second season of 13 Reasons Why. She released "You Should See Me in a Crown" in July 2018, The same month, Eilish performed at the Mo Pop Festival. On the day of release for her single "When the Party's Over", Eilish was featured in Vanity Fair's "73 Questions" rapid-fire questionnaire video series by Joe Sabia, who revisited an interview from October 2017. The resulting video was a side-by-side time capsule of both interviews showing her growth in popularity over one year. She signed a talent contract with Next Management for fashion and beauty endorsements in October 2018. She was placed on the 2018 Forbes 30 Under 30 list in November of that year, and released the single "Come Out and Play" in November 2018, which was written for a holiday-themed Apple Inc. commercial. In early January 2019, Don't Smile at Me reached 1 billion streams on Spotify, making her the youngest artist to top 1 billion streams on a project. That month, Eilish released "Bury a Friend" as the third single from her debut album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?, along with "When I Was Older", a single inspired by the 2018 film Roma, which appeared on the compilation album Music Inspired by the Film Roma. In February, Eilish partnered with YouTube on a documentary miniseries, "A Snippet Into Billie's Mind". "Wish You Were Gay", her fourth single from the album, was released on March 4, 2019. When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? was released on March 29, 2019. Spotify launched a "multi-level campaign behind the album", creating a multimedia playlist and "new product features" that Spotify said "allow for vertical video content, custom assets, and editorial storylines, all with the goal of creating more meaningful and engaging context for [Eilish's] fans." In Los Angeles, Spotify set up a "pop-up enhanced album experience", which included different artwork and a "multi-sensory" experience of each track for fans. The album debuted atop the Billboard 200 as well as on the UK Albums Chart, making Eilish the first artist born in the 2000s to have a number-one album in the U.S. and the youngest female ever to have a number-one album in the United Kingdom. Upon the album's debut, Eilish broke the record for most simultaneously charting Hot 100 songs by a female artist, with 14, after every song from the album, excluding "Goodbye", charted on the Hot 100. The fifth single from the album, "Bad Guy", was released in conjunction with the album. A remix of the song featuring Justin Bieber was released in July 2019. In August, Bad Guy peaked at number-one in the US, ending Lil Nas X's record-breaking 19 weeks at number-one with "Old Town Road". She is the first artist born in the 2000s and the youngest artist since Lorde to have a number-one single. Eilish began her When We All Fall Asleep Tour at Coachella Festival in April 2019, with the tour concluding on November 17, 2019, in Mexico City. In August 2019, she partnered with Apple Music for Music Lab: Remix Billie Eilish, part of Apple Stores' Music Lab sessions during which fans deconstruct her song "You Should See Me In A Crown" and learn how to create their own remix on Apple devices and GarageBand. On September 27, 2019, Eilish announced her Where Do We Go? World Tour. The tour began in Miami on March 9, 2020, and ran for two more shows on March 10 in Orlando and March 12 in Raleigh before Eilish ended the tour prematurely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The tour was set to conclude in Jakarta on September 7. On November 7, 2019, Jack White's Third Man Records announced that the label would release an acoustic live album of Eilish's performance from the record label's Blue Room, exclusively sold on vinyl at Third Man retail locations in Nashville, Tennessee, and Detroit, Michigan. On November 13, 2019, she released her next single, "Everything I Wanted". On November 20, 2019, Eilish was nominated for six Grammy Awards, including Record of the Year and Song of the Year for "Bad Guy" as well as Album of the Year and Best New Artist. At age 17, she became the youngest artist to be nominated in all four General Field categories. In the same month, Eilish was crowned 2019's Billboard Woman of the Year. On January 14, 2020, Eilish was announced as performer of the title track for the 25th installment in the James Bond film franchise, No Time to Die, written and produced with her brother. With this announcement, Eilish became the youngest artist to write and perform a James Bond theme song. It became the second Bond theme song to top the British official charts and the first Bond theme performed by a female artist to do so. It was also Eilish's first number-one single in the UK. At the 62nd Grammy Awards, she became the youngest person to win the four main Grammy categories – Best New Artist, Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Album of the Year – in the same year. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Eilish and her brother performed for both iHeart Media's Living Room Concert for America, and Global Citizen's Together at Home concert series, singing a cover of Bobby Hebb's "Sunny" for the latter. Both virtual concerts were an effort to raise awareness and funds towards fighting the disease. On April 10, 2020, "Ilomilo" was sent to Italian contemporary hit radio stations by Universal Music Group, as When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?'s seventh and final single. On July 30, 2020, Eilish released "My Future", her first original release since "No Time to Die", along with an animated video. In 2020, she became the youngest person to feature on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list, with earnings of $53 million. In September 2020, Eilish released a collection of branded ukuleles with guitar manufacturer Fender. In October 2020, Eilish announced a livestream concert titled Where Do We Go? The Livestream set to air from Los Angeles on October 24, with proceeds from the show's merchandise raising funds to support event crew members affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. In a Vanity Fair interview, Eilish said she was working on "sixteen new songs and lov[ing] them all", revealing an upcoming musical project. Eilish won three Billboard Music Awards on October 24—Billboard Music Award for Top Female Artist, Billboard Music Award for Top Billboard 200 Album , and Billboard Music Award for Top New Artist—out of the 12 that she was nominated for. Also that month, she announced a new single, "Therefore I Am", which was released along with its video on November 12, 2020. Eilish performed "Therefore I Am" and "My Future" at the Jingle Ball in December 2020. 2021–2023: Happier Than Ever and Guitar Songs "Lo Vas a Olvidar", a single featuring Rosalía as a part of HBO's Euphoria soundtrack, was released in January 2021, almost two years after initially teasing the song. The R. J. Cutler–directed documentary film Billie Eilish: The World's a Little Blurry was released on Apple TV+ and in select movie theaters. The film was praised by critics and fans for its in-depth look at Eilish's personal life during her ascent to fame. At the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, Eilish took home two awards: the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media for her Bond theme and the Grammy Award for Record of the Year for "Everything I Wanted". In her acceptance speech for Record of the Year, Eilish said that Megan Thee Stallion "deserved to win", but still thanked her fans and her brother for her award. In 2021 she published her personally selected comprehensive book of photographs that shared "an intimate window into her life" on and off stage, By - Billie Eilish. On April 27, 2021, Eilish announced on her Instagram account that her second album, Happier Than Ever, would be released on July 30, and the tracklist was made available on Apple Music. The album was released in various formats, including collectible vinyl and cassette colors. The album's release was preceded by five singles: "My Future", "Therefore I Am", "Your Power", "Lost Cause", and "NDA", and was accompanied by the title track. On December 2, 2021, Eilish announced an eco-friendly limited-edition vinyl version of Happier Than Ever made from recycled vinyl scraps. The collector's item was available only at a number of Gucci stores around the world and included Gucci-branded nail stickers designed by the brand's creative director, Alessandro Michele. To further promote the album, Eilish worked with Disney+ on the concert film Happier Than Ever: A Love Letter to Los Angeles, released in September 2021, and embarked on the Happier Than Ever, The World Tour in February 2022, concluding it in April 2023. In June 2021, Eilish was criticized online for videos in which she mouthed the anti-Asian slur "chink" while lip-syncing the song "Fish" by Tyler, the Creator, while Matthew Tyler Vorce, her reported boyfriend at the time, received criticism for alleged social media posts in which he used offensive language and slurs against gay and Black people. Eilish was also accused of queerbaiting after using the caption "I love girls" to promote the music video for "Lost Cause". On June 22, she posted an apology to Instagram stories for her usage of "chink", saying that she was "appalled and embarrassed" by the video and that she was "13 or 14" at the time and did not know the slur was a derogatory term. She also addressed a separate video of what was viewed as her mocking an Asian accent, writing that she was actually "speaking in a silly gibberish made up voice". Reflecting on the events in a July 2021 interview, Eilish said: "I said so many things then that I totally don't agree with now, or think the opposite thing. The weirdest thing is how nothing ever goes away once it's on the internet ... When you're a fucking teenager, you don't really know yourself ... I didn't actually know how I really felt. So I just came up with this facade that I stuck to." Eilish started formulating ideas for her third studio album's songs with Finneas in December 2021. In a July 2022 interview with Zane Lowe for Apple Music, she said she hoped to start writing the album in 2023. In 2022, Eilish won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "No Time to Die" from the film No Time to Die, becoming the first person born in the 21st century to win an Academy Award. That same year, she became the youngest headliner to date for two festivals, specifically Glastonbury and Coachella. The Pixar film Turning Red was released that year, for which she and Finneas wrote three songs, "Nobody Like U", "U Know What's Up" and "1 True Love", performed by Turning Red's fictional boy band 4*Town. In June 2022, during her world tour's Manchester show, Eilish debuted the then-unreleased ballad "TV". The song references the overturning of Roe v. Wade, a case that made abortion a constitutional right in the US. The next month, on July 21, she surprise-released the two-track EP Guitar Songs, which includes "TV" alongside "The 30th". Eilish explained her decision to surprise-release the EP during the interview with Lowe. She told him that while work on her third studio album was coming soon, she refused to wait until that time to put "TV" and "The 30th" on a track list. She wanted to spread their messages to her fans as soon as possible, noting the immediacy of its lyrics: "These songs are really current for me, and they're songs that I want to have said right now." Another reason was Eilish had grown tired of doing heavy, traditional promotion for upcoming music. She wanted to release songs like she had early in her career, previewing them for fans in live concerts before releasing them without much marketing. Eilish worked with Apple Music to exclusively host a film of one of the Happier Than Ever tour concerts, specifically one of her shows at The O2 Arena in London. She billed the film as a way for fans who missed out on tickets to experience the tour, wanting more people to recognize her showmanship live. Three concerts, titled Happier Than Ever, The Hometown Encore, were held at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California, from December 13 to 16, 2022, as part of the tour. In 2023, Eilish made her acting debut in the Amazon Prime Video satirical thriller series Swarm. She starred as Eva, the leader of a cult inspired by NXIVM, and received positive reviews for her performance. Eilish wrote the song "What Was I Made For?" for the soundtrack of the 2023 film Barbie. According to statements posted on her social media, she was inspired to write the song after seeing unfinished scenes of the movie during its production. In 2024, the song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song and two Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Song Written for Visual Media. It became the tenth song in history to win both an Academy Award for Best Original Song and a Grammy Award for Song of the Year, and Eilish became the youngest person ever to win two Academy Awards in any category. 2024–present: Hit Me Hard and Soft On April 8, 2024, Eilish announced her third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft, which was released on May 17, 2024. She announced a tour to support the album, Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour, on April 29, 2024, with concerts in North America, Oceania and Europe between September 2024 and July 2025. Also in April, Eilish was announced to be the next "featured artist" inside the Fortnite spin-off game Fortnite Festival, along with an unlockable outfit in the game. While on a visit to London due to the success of the recently released album in the UK, Eilish appeared alongside London-based content creator Amelia Dimoldenberg on her web series Chicken Shop Date, which was dubbed as the "flirtiest episode yet", and also appeared as a guest host for children's channel CBeebies' bedtime story. In August, Eilish featured on a remix of Charli XCX's "Guess", a song from the deluxe version of the latter's album Brat, accompanied by a video containing scenes of Eilish in a bulldozer and the pair surrounded by piles of women's underwear, which were donated to the charity I Support the Girls. On August 11, 2024, Eilish performed "Birds of a Feather" on Belmont Shore, Long Beach, during the 2024 Summer Olympics closing ceremony as part of the handover to Los Angeles, which would host the Games in 2028. Artistry Musical style, songwriting, and music videos Eilish has a soprano vocal range. Avery Stone of Vice called her vocals "ethereal", and Maura Johnston of Rolling Stone characterized them as "whispery". Doreen St. Félix of The New Yorker wrote that she has a "husky, slurring voice that she can thin out to reedy". Music critic Robert Christgau wrote that while Eilish is musically and commercially pop, her brand also "reminds us how amorphous [pop] has become", calling her soprano "too diminutive for vocal calisthenics" and adding that her "playful version of teen-goth angst" and "electro-saturated debut album" captivate a diverse audience. Her music incorporates pop, dark pop, electropop, emo pop, experimental pop, goth-pop, indie pop, teen pop, alt-pop, and pop rock. Musicologist Jessica Holmes argued that much of Eilish's music concerns her depression. Eilish and her brother, Finneas, collaborate on songwriting. Finneas writes for Eilish's albums, produces her music, and also performs in live shows. Eilish and Finneas "like to completely make up things and become characters" and "have songs that are really fictional". Eilish said a number of the songs also derive from her and Finneas' experiences. They try to write "really interesting and conversational" lyrics: "We try to say stuff that doesn't have to be that deep [...] but you say something way deeper in a certain way that makes sense, but you haven't really thought about." Finneas has said that when he writes for his sister, he aims to "write [songs] that I think she'll relate to and enjoy singing and empathise with the lyrics and make her own". When he writes with Eilish, he tries "to help her tell whatever story she's trying to tell, bounce ideas off of her, listen to her ideas", and use a language that fits her voice telling the story. Eilish had wanted to direct her own music videos since age 14 but was initially not given the opportunity due to lack of experience. In 2019, she made her directorial debut with the video for her song "Xanny". Influences Eilish grew up listening to the Beatles, Justin Bieber, Green Day, the 1975, Arctic Monkeys, Linkin Park and Lana Del Rey. She has said that stumbling upon Aurora's "Runaway" on YouTube inspired her to pursue a music career. Hip hop is her favorite genre and biggest inspiration. She has recounted that Matty Healy was an early inspiration for her: "His show is the second show I ever went to in my life. He changed so much about who I am, how I write music." She has also cited Tyler, the Creator, Childish Gambino, and Avril Lavigne as major musical and style influences. Other influences include Adele, Earl Sweatshirt, James Blake, Amy Winehouse, the Spice Girls, Lorde, Marina, Britney Spears, Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj, XXXTentacion, and Twenty One Pilots. She has also shown appreciation for Paramore after inviting Hayley Williams to join her set during Williams's first Coachella set to perform an acoustic version of "Misery Business" and sing "Happier Than Ever". Eilish also named Rihanna as an inspiration for her style choices after she called fashion her "defense mechanism" during an acceptance speech. She has also credited Damon Albarn for changing the way she views art and music creation. Eilish has been compared in the media to Lavigne, Lorde and Del Rey, the last of whom she says she does not want to be compared to, saying, "That woman has made her brand so perfect for her whole career and she shouldn't have to hear that." Eilish said that Ariana Grande's 2019 album Thank U, Next inspired her to continue making music. Public image and recognitions Eilish has received numerous awards, including nine Grammy Awards, two American Music Awards, five MTV Europe Music Awards, six MTV Video Music Awards, two Academy Awards, nineteen Guinness World Records, four Brit Awards, and three Billboard Music Awards. She has appeared on several lists, such as Rolling Stone's 2023 revision of the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time and Time's 2019 "Time 100 Next" list. She is the youngest person, second person ever, and first female artist to win the four main Grammy categories—Best New Artist, Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Album of the Year—in the same year. In 2022, Eilish won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "No Time to Die" from the James Bond film No Time to Die, becoming the first person born in the 21st century ever to win an Academy Award in any category, and she remains the only. With her win in the same category in 2024 for "What Was I Made For?" from Barbie , she became the youngest person ever to win two Academy Awards in any category and the song became the tenth song in history to win both an Academy Award for Best Original Song and a Grammy Award for Song of the Year. Style Much of the media attention surrounding Eilish has revolved around her fashion style, which consists primarily of baggy, oversized clothing. In 2017, she said she likes dressing out of her comfort zone to feel like she grabs the attention of everyone around her. She tries to be "really different from a lot of people" and dresses opposite to what others wear. Aiming to "look memorable", Eilish said that she "proved to people that [she's] more important than they think" and likes being "kind of intimidating, so people will listen up". In 2019, she said: "Over time it's kind of become a thing, 'Billie Eilish, the creepy, weird, scary girl.' And I don't like that. It's lame. I just don't want to stay one thing." In May 2019, Eilish appeared in a Calvin Klein advertisement, where she mentioned that she dresses in baggy clothes to prevent people from judging her body. In a March 2020 live show in Miami, as part of the Where Do We Go? Tour, she premiered Not My Responsibility, a short film which addresses her experiences of body shaming. Not My Responsibility was uploaded to Eilish's YouTube channel in May 2020. Eilish was on the cover of the June 2021 issue of British Vogue. The photoshoot by Craig McDean featured her dressed in lingerie, specifically focused on corsets. Eilish made her first appearance at the Met Gala in 2021, which had the theme "In America: A Lexicon of Fashion", wearing an Oscar de la Renta gown under the condition that the fashion house would permanently end its use of real fur. Though the dress was inspired by the original Barbie doll, fashion critics observed its likeness to Golden Age star Marilyn Monroe, who wore a tulle de la Renta gown in the early 1950s. Products and endorsements In April 2019, Eilish released clothing in collaboration with Takashi Murakami, inspired by her music video for "You Should See Me in a Crown", also directed and animated by Murakami, as well as a limited edition vinyl figure of herself from the video. Eilish also collaborated with Adobe Creative Cloud the same month for a series of advertisements as well as a social media art contest, where users would submit artwork with the hashtag "#BILLIExADOBE". Eilish appeared in the debut of Calvin Klein's #MyCalvins ad campaign in May 2019, as well as the Ad Council's "Seize the Awkward" campaign, a series of public service announcements targeting mental health awareness. She fronted MCM Worldwide's fall 2019 advertising campaign in July 2019, and later that month collaborated with Los Angeles-based clothing brand Freak City on a clothing line. Also in July 2019, she performed at a dinner hosted by Chanel on Shelter Island to celebrate the brand's pop-up yacht club. In August 2019, Eilish partnered with Apple to allow Apple Store customers to experiment with her song "You Should See Me in a Crown" in Music Lab sessions in its stores. Eilish's collaboration with the clothing company Siberia Hills was met with controversy after it was revealed that the company had used plagiarized designs of fan art of the character Nozomi Tojo from Love Live!, drawn by artist Makoto Kurokawa, for Eilish's clothing line. The brand later clarified that Eilish had no knowledge of the plagiarism. In November 2021, she debuted "Eilish", her perfume brand, which is vegan and cruelty-free. In October 2024, Eilish collaborated with the shoe brand Converse for "Converse x Billie Eilish By You", a limited-time release where Chuck Taylor sneakers could be customized with lyrics from Eilish's songs. Advocacy Eilish has a history of political activism, publicly expressing her views on many political issues. She has been vocal with regard to environmental causes, including climate change awareness. Among other pursuits, Eilish signed an open letter to world leaders urging them to take action against climate-induced poverty, embarked on an ad campaign encouraging young people to use technology for environmental advocacy, and hosted a six-day climate seminar in London titled Overheated to discuss topics such as sustainable fashion and youth activism. Her 2019 single "All the Good Girls Go to Hell" and its subsequent video center around climate change and use heaven-and-hell imagery to criticize ignorance of rising sea levels, and she permitted the nonprofit CoralWatch to use "Ocean Eyes" as part of an online awareness campaign about Australia's Great Barrier Reef. She is a regular advocate on social media for animal rights and veganism, and has criticized the dairy, mink fur, and wool industries. In 2023, Eilish stated she refuses to travel by private jet. Eilish has spoken on multiple occasions about women's rights. She wrote and produced the 2020 short film Not My Responsibility as a response to body shaming toward her and the double standards placed upon women's appearances. A supporter of body positivity for women, in a 2023 Variety interview Eilish denied that men suffer from body shaming too. "Your Power", one of her 2021 singles, criticizes the sexual exploitation of young women, primarily by men who hold power over them. Eilish associates herself with the US abortion rights movement; she expressed rage when Texas implemented its anti-abortion laws in 2021. During the 2022 Glastonbury festival, she performed "Your Power" to condemn the overturning of Roe v. Wade. She spoke of the decision: "Today is a really, really dark day for women in the U.S. I'm just going to say that as I cannot bear to think about it any longer in this moment." She included a reference to Roe v. Wade's overturning in her 2022 track "TV", much of which she wrote after a draft of the court decision was leaked online in May. In March 2020, Eilish encouraged fans online to register to vote for the 2020 US presidential election. In August 2020, she performed at the 2020 Democratic National Convention and announced her endorsement of Joe Biden's presidential campaign. In 2023, Eilish worked with others to start and fund REVERB's Music Decarbonization Project, and as part of a decarbonization project used solar powered stage lights. At the 2024 Academy Awards, Eilish wore an Artists4Ceasefire pin, which calls for a ceasefire in the Israel–Hamas war. In September 2024, she and her brother, Finneas, endorsed the Harris-Walz ticket in the 2024 United States presidential election. Personal life Eilish lived with her parents in the Highland Park neighborhood of Los Angeles until 2019, when she moved out. She said she received a diagnosis of Tourette syndrome when she was 11 and that she has synesthesia and has experienced depression. Eilish has also shared that she experienced sexual abuse as a child. Eilish is queer. From 2018 to 2019, she dated rapper Brandon Adams, who goes by the stage name 7:AMP. Eilish then dated actor Matthew Tyler Vorce from 2021 until 2022. She dated singer Jesse Rutherford from October 2022 to May 2023. In 2024, she stated, "I wish no one knew anything about my sexuality or anything about my dating life. Ever, ever, ever. And I hope that they never will again. And I'm never talking about my sexuality ever again. And I'm never talking about who I'm dating ever again." On a 2020 episode of the me and dad radio podcast, Eilish said: "When I was a little kid, I was super religious for no damn reason. My family never was religious. I didn't know anyone that was religious. And for some reason, as a little girl, I just was incredibly religious ... And then at one point, I don't know what happened. It just completely went away...[and I became] almost anti-religious for no reason." She said the experience made her more "open-minded" to other religions. Of her own religion, Eilish said: "I don't not believe and I don't do believe. I'm in a very neutral position. I'm open to every belief pretty much...[I love] the idea that there's a God. So why not? How would I know? I'm not going to say I know. I don't. Nobody knows." Discography When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? Happier Than Ever Hit Me Hard and Soft Tours Headlining Don't Smile at Me Tour Where's My Mind Tour 1 by 1 Tour When We All Fall Asleep Tour Where Do We Go? World Tour Happier Than Ever, The World Tour Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour Opening act Florence and the Machine – High as Hope Tour Filmography

=== Calvin Harris ===
Adam Richard Wiles , known professionally as Calvin Harris , is a Scottish DJ, record producer, singer, and songwriter. His debut studio album, I Created Disco was preceded by the singles "Acceptable in the 80s" and "The Girls", both of which peaked within the top ten of the UK singles chart. His second album, Ready for the Weekend , debuted atop the UK Albums Chart; its lead single, "I'm Not Alone", became his first song to peak the UK Singles Chart. In 2012, Harris rose to international prominence with the release of his third studio album, 18 Months, which topped the UK Albums Chart and became his first album to chart on the US Billboard 200, peaking at number 19. All eight of the album's singles reached the top 10 in the UK, breaking the record for the most top 10 songs from one studio album on the UK Singles Chart with eight entries, surpassing Michael Jackson's record. In 2014, he released his fourth studio album, Motion, which debuted at number two in the UK and number five in the US. In 2017, he released his fifth studio album, Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1, which peaked at number two in both the UK and the US, also becoming his third consecutive number one-album on the US Dance/Electronic Albums chart. His sixth studio album, Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2 served as a sequel to his previous release, and peaked at number five in the UK. In October 2014, Harris became the first artist to place three songs simultaneously on the top 10 of Billboard's Dance/Electronic Songs chart. He also became the first UK solo artist to reach more than one billion streams on Spotify. Harris has received 23 Brit Award nominations–winning British Producer of the Year and British Single of the Year in 2019, as well as five Grammy nominations, including a win for Best Music Video in 2013. In 2013 he also received a Ivor Novello Award, and was named the Top Dance/Electronic Artist at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards. He appeared on Debrett's 2017 list of the most influential people in the United Kingdom. He topped Forbes' list of the world's highest-paid DJs for six consecutive years from 2013 to 2018 until being dethroned by the Chainsmokers in 2019. Early life and beginnings Adam Richard Wiles was born on 17 January 1984 in Dumfries, Scotland, to English parents, who married in their native Oxford before moving to Dumfries. His father worked as a biochemist. He has an elder sister and brother. Wiles attended Calside Primary School then Dumfries High School, and, after leaving school, he stocked shelves in supermarkets and worked in a local fish processing factory to buy DJ gear. He was first attracted to electronic music in his teens and began recording bedroom demos in 1999. When Harris was 18, he released two songs, "Da Bongos" and "Brighter Days". Both were released as 12-inch club singles and CD-EPs by the label Prima Facie in early 2002 under the name "Stouffer". With these singles to his credit, Harris moved from Scotland to London, hoping to learn from the local music scene. Only one of his songs, "Let Me Know" with vocalist Ayah Marar on the Unabombers' 2004 live-mix CD Electric Soul, Vol. 2, was released during his time in London. With the lack of job opportunities and money, he returned home to Dumfries and began posting homemade solo recordings to his Myspace page. His popularity on the social media website prompted Mark Gillespie, a talent booker for the dance-festival firm Global Gathering who had recently founded his own management firm, to make Harris the company's first signee. Gillespie continues to represent Harris today. Regarding his stage name, the artist has stated that the name 'Calvin Harris' was his stage alter-ego and that he prefers not to be addressed as "Calvin" outside of his performances. Initially tolerant of it as a nickname early in his career, he has since emphasised the importance of being addressed by his real name, Adam Wiles, in all of his personal interactions. "At the start of my career people were meeting me for the first time and I let it slide. It was sort of a nickname". When family and friends began using the stage name, he said, "I was like, I'm sorry this is ridiculous. You're speaking to my alter ego". Career 2006–2008: Career beginnings and I Created Disco Harris signed contracts with Three Six Zero Group , EMI , and Sony BMG in 2006 after he had been discovered on the social networking website Myspace. Later in 2006, Harris produced a remix of All Saints' single "Rock Steady". Harris's debut album, I Created Disco, was released in June 2007. He started working on the album in 2006 after he moved back from living in London to his hometown of Dumfries. All 14 tracks were written, produced, and performed solely by Harris, and all recording and producing for the album took place on an Amiga computer. To promote I Created Disco, Harris embarked on a tour of the UK, supporting Faithless and Groove Armada. I Created Disco was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry . It reached number eight on the UK Albums Chart and number 19 on the US Top Electronic Albums. The album contained uptempo electroclash songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s. The song, "Vegas", was issued on limited edition vinyl. The first wide-release single from the album was released in March 2007. "Acceptable in the 80s", a tribute to the style and culture of the decade, peaked at number ten on the UK Singles Chart, remaining on the chart for 15 weeks. "The Girls", the album's second single, peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart. The third and final release from the album, "Merrymaking at My Place", peaked at number 43 on the chart. The same year, Harris caught the attention of Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue after his recordings had been passed on to her by another record producer. This led to him co-writing and producing two songs, "Heart Beat Rock" and "In My Arms", on her 2007 album X, the latter becoming a top 10 single in the UK. Harris said that working with Minogue was "surreal, but fun" although he admitted to Mixmag in 2007 to "needing a few drinks before meeting her". Harris also contributed the song "Off & On" to Róisín Murphy's album Overpowered, but it was cut from the album. Harris would later give the song to Sophie Ellis-Bextor to record for her 2011 album Make a Scene. Harris also produced a remix of the second single "4th of July " from Kelis' album Flesh Tone. He additionally reworked singles by Jamiroquai, Groove Armada, All Saints, and CSS. In 2008, Harris collaborated with rapper Dizzee Rascal on his single "Dance wiv Me", producing the track and singing the hook. The single topped the UK Singles Chart for four weeks and was certified platinum by the BPI, selling 600,000 copies. It was shortlisted for the 2008 Popjustice £20 Music Prize. In 2009, it received a Brit Award nomination for British Single and an Ivor Novello Award nomination for Best Contemporary Song. On 18 October 2008, Harris was featured on BBC Radio 1's Essential Mix on a two-hour set. 2008–2010: Ready for the Weekend Harris's second album, Ready for the Weekend, was released in August 2009 and entered at number one on the UK Albums Chart, being certified gold by the BPI within two months of release. Eleven of the fourteen tracks on the album were sung, produced, and written solely by Harris. "I'm Not Alone", released as the album's lead single in April 2009, debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart. The follow-up single, "Ready for the Weekend", reached number three. The third single, "Flashback", featuring Jordanian singer Ayah Marar reached number eighteen in the UK. During promotion of the album, Harris hosted a series of videos on YouTube titled Jam TV, in which musicians such as Florence Welch, Goldie, and Katy Perry tried to open pots of jam. At the 2010 Brit Awards, Harris received a nomination for Best British Male. On 8 February 2010, "You Used to Hold Me" was released as the fourth and final single from the album. It peaked at number 27 on the UK Singles Chart. The song marked the last time Harris regularly sang on his records, opting to focus more on music production while having guest singers provide the vocals for him. The same year, shortly after his "Ready for the Weekend tour" wrapped up, Harris parted ways with members of his band in which he served as lead vocalist and made the decision to stop doing live shows. In an interview with Billboard, Harris said that, "I thought I'd exhausted every avenue [on the two albums] and it takes a long time to make me sound good, which is why I stopped singing live as well. I'd like to think of someone who's better-looking, a better singer, better dancer to be the frontperson for the song." He also released several remixes, including remixes of Shakira's "She Wolf", Katy Perry's "Waking Up in Vegas", Mr Hudson's "Supernova" , and Mika's "We Are Golden". Harris also produced Dizzee Rascal's next single titled "Holiday", which topped the UK Singles Chart in August 2009. Harris made a guest appearance as vocalist on Tiësto's song "Century" on the Dutch producer's album, Kaleidoscope. Harris also produced and mixed The Ting Tings' single Hands which was released on 18 August 2010. The song was originally set to become the first single of the duo's second studio album, but they cancelled the album plans and the song was included as a bonus track on the deluxe edition of Sounds from Nowheresville. On 14 November 2009, Harris invaded the stage of the ITV talent competition The X Factor during a live performance by Irish contestants John and Edward Grimes, holding a pineapple on his head. He later apologised on Twitter. Harris claimed that Chris Brown's "Yeah 3x", released in October 2010, plagiarised his 2009 single "I'm Not Alone". After considering similarities between the two songs, Harris was subsequently added to the songwriting credits on the single and the F.A.M.E. album. Harris was also featured on Kylie Minogue's eleventh studio album, Aphrodite, collaborating the track "Too Much". 2011–2013: 18 Months and international prominence In 2011, Harris toured as a support act for the European leg of Barbadian singer Rihanna's Loud Tour. Rihanna was quoted as saying, "Calvin is the perfect fit for the Loud Tour. He is going to bring something unique and fun for the fans." Harris played the 2011 Mardi Gras Party in Sydney on 5 March. Harris was also featured on LMFAO's album Sorry for Party Rocking, appearing on the track "Reminds Me of You", which is based on Harris's own song "Awooga". Harris produced Tinchy Stryder's second single, "Off the Record", from his fourth studio album, Full Tank. The track had its premiere on 15 September 2011 and was released in the UK on 6 November 2011. Harris released the single "Bounce", the first single from his upcoming album, a collaboration with Kelis that debuted at number two on the UK Singles Chart in June 2011. "Feel So Close", the second single from the album, was released in August 2011 and also reached number two in the United Kingdom. "Feel So Close" became his first solo entry on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US, peaking at number 12. He performed at the 2011 Jingle Bell Ball concert and was announced as one of the headline acts at a number of Southern Hemisphere 2011/2012 new year music festivals. Following a stint as the support act on the Australian leg of Rihanna's tour, Harris produced Rihanna's songs "We Found Love" and "Where Have You Been". The former was included on Harris's upcoming album 18 Months and premiered on Capital FM radio in the UK on 22 September 2011. "We Found Love" topped the charts in 27 countries worldwide, including the UK where it became Harris's third UK number one, peaked in the top 10 in 30 countries, and broke many records worldwide. Topping the Billboard Hot 100 for 10 non-consecutive weeks, it was Harris's first US number one and was also Rihanna's longest-running US number one and the longest-running number one of 2011. "We Found Love" was later ranked number 24 on the list of the all-time top 100 songs on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2013, "We Found Love" was placed at number three on Billboard's top 10 dance-pop collaborations of all time. Harris co-wrote and co-produced the bonus track "One Life" for R&B singer Mary J. Blige's album My Life II... The Journey Continues . He also worked with the pop band Scissor Sisters on the single "Only the Horses" from their fourth studio album, Magic Hour. He wrote and produced Cheryl Cole's single "Call My Name", the lead single from her third album A Million Lights. He also produced a remix of Florence and the Machine's "Spectrum" titled "Spectrum ". The song was released as the album's fifth single on 5 July 2012. It was serviced to radio in the UK on 2 July 2012. It became the group's first single to peak at number one on the UK Singles Chart. "Let's Go" featuring Ne-Yo, the third single from the album, was released in April 2012 and reached number two in the UK Singles Chart. It was his second US Billboard Hot 100 appearance as a main artist, charting at number 17. The song received a nomination for Best Dance Recording at the 55th Grammy Awards which was held in February 2013. The album's fourth single "We'll Be Coming Back" was released in July 2012. Featuring rapper Example, it peaked at number two in the UK. The fifth single, "Sweet Nothing", features Florence Welch of Florence and the Machine and was released on 14 October 2012. It peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart and at number 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song received a nomination for Best Dance Recording at the 56th Grammy Awards. His third studio album, 18 Months, was released on 29 October 2012. Harris eventually made UK chart history by becoming the first artist to attain eight top-10 singles from one studio album, breaking the record previously set by Michael Jackson. In March 2017, the record was surpassed once again by Ed Sheeran, after his album ÷ spawned 10 top-10 songs on the UK chart. 18 Months received a nomination for Best Dance/Electronica Album at the 56th Grammy Awards. Harris was also nominated for Best British Male Solo Artist at the 2013 Brit Awards in February. Harris was the house DJ at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards held at the Staples Center, Los Angeles, where he won Best Electronic Video for "Feel So Close" and Video of the Year alongside Rihanna for "We Found Love". Harris performed as part of the post-race concert of the 2013 Formula One Bahrain Grand Prix in April 2013. At the 2013 Ivor Novello Awards held at the Grosvenor House Hotel, London in May, Harris received the British Academy's Ivor Novello Award for Songwriter of the Year, with Harris calling it "easily the greatest achievement of my entire life". In 2012, Harris made statements explaining why he wanted to stop singing on tracks stating, "I want each track as good as it can possibly be, which usually means me not singing on it." 2013–2015: Motion and "How Deep Is Your Love" On 7 October 2013, Harris and Swedish DJ Alesso released a collaborative single with synth-pop duo Hurts called "Under Control" as the first single from his fourth album. The song debuted at number one in the UK. Later that month, Harris remixed The Killers' song "When You Were Young" for the deluxe edition of their greatest hits album Direct Hits. He unveiled the full six-minute version through Rolling Stone and told the magazine: "It was a real honour to be asked to remix one of my favourite modern bands, and it was an exciting challenge for me to update this classic track for the dance-floor in a tasteful and respectful way". On 14 March 2014, Harris's song "Summer" premiered on the UK's Capital FM. The track which was released as the album's second single debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Harris's sixth UK number-one single. It also became Harris's highest-charting solo single on the US Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number seven. "Summer" was Spotify's most-streamed track of 2014 with over 200 million streams. Harris also produced the single "I Will Never Let You Down" for British singer Rita Ora. On 18 May 2014, the song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, two weeks after his song "Summer" debuted at the top of the charts. In April 2014, Harris performed on the main stage of Coachella Festival. His set attracted the second largest crowd in the festival's history, topped only by the 2012 set of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg which featured a transparent Pepper's ghost image of Tupac Shakur. That year, he was also a headline act at several prominent music festivals, including Lollapalooza, Austin City Limits Music Festival, the iTunes Festival in London, Electric Daisy Carnival, and the iHeartRadio Music Festival. The third single, "Blame", was a collaboration with vocalist John Newman. It was released in September 2014 to positive reviews from music critics and debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, giving Harris his third consecutive UK number-one single . After the release of the song, Harris became the first British solo artist to reach more than a billion streams on Spotify. Later that month, Harris uploaded an instrumental track called "C.U.B.A." to SoundCloud. "Outside", the fourth single from the album, featuring Ellie Goulding, was released in October 2014. It marked the second collaboration between Harris and Goulding, following the internationally successful single "I Need Your Love" from 2013. The instrumental track "Slow Acid" was released as a promotional single from the album on 14 October 2014. His fourth album, Motion, was released on 4 November 2014. It includes the previously released singles "Under Control", "Summer", "Blame", and "Outside". Another track from the album, "Pray to God", featuring rock band trio Haim, was released on 11 February 2015. At the 2015 Brit Awards, "Summer" was nominated for Best British Single and British Artist Video of the Year. At the 2015 Glamour Awards in London on 2 June, Harris was named Glamour UK's Man of the Year. He was also ranked 6th on Billboard's Top 30 EDM Power Players. The same month, he was part of the main stage line-up at the Electric Daisy Carnival held in Las Vegas. On 17 July 2015, Harris and London-based production trio Disciples released the single "How Deep Is Your Love". The song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart, giving Harris his 19th top-10 entry in the UK. It peaked at number one on the ARIA Charts, giving Harris his first chart-topper in Australia. The song peaked at number three on the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs in the US and marked Harris's eighth top-10 entry since the chart's launch, making it the most of any act. In September, Harris was featured on Dillon Francis's EP This Mixtape Is Fire, collaborating on a Moombahton-style track entitled "What's Your Name". At the 2016 Brit Awards, Harris received three nominations: Best British Male Solo Artist, "How Deep Is Your Love" for British Single of the Year, and Best British Video. 2016–2017: Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1 Harris released a new single titled "This Is What You Came For", which features Rihanna, co-written with Taylor Swift, on 29 April 2016. The single debuted at number two on the UK Singles Chart. It peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming Harris's second top five song. It also reached number one on the US Hot Dance/Electronic Songs and became Harris's tenth number one on sister chart Dance/Mix Show Airplay and his fourth chart-topper on the Hot Dance Club Songs Chart. It topped the charts in Australia, Canada, and Ireland and peaked within the top ten of the charts in Germany, Ireland, New Zealand and Switzerland. On 24 June 2016, Harris released a collaboration with Dizzee Rascal, titled "Hype". On 8 July 2016, John Newman released the track "Olé", which was produced by Harris. On 16 September 2016, Harris released "My Way", where he also performed vocals for the song. On 21 February 2017, he announced the song "Slide", his collaboration with American singer-songwriter Frank Ocean and hip hop group Migos. The song was released on 25 February 2017. Harris released a collaboration with Young Thug, Ariana Grande, and Pharrell Williams titled "Heatstroke" on 31 March 2017. In May, he announced that his forthcoming fifth studio album, Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1, would be released on 30 June 2017. The album featured appearances from the likes of Travis Scott, Kehlani, Future, Katy Perry, Big Sean, John Legend, Khalid, Schoolboy Q, DRAM, Nicki Minaj, Lil Yachty, Jessie Reyez, PartyNextDoor and Snoop Dogg. 2018–2021: Standalone singles and Love Regenerator alias On 8 February 2018, Harris collaborated with PartyNextDoor to release a dancehall-influenced house track titled "Nuh Ready Nuh Ready". On 6 April 2018, he released "One Kiss" with Dua Lipa. On 17 August 2018, the next single "Promises" was released with Sam Smith. The music video for the song was released on 4 September and honours the LGBTQ community with references to the ball scene and voguing. In November 2018, he released "I Found You", a collaboration with Benny Blanco. The song features his first time singing on a track since his 2016 single "My Way". It peaked at number 29 in the UK. On 22 October 2018, Harris collaborated with Normani on the two track EP Normani x Calvin Harris. He topped Forbes' Highest-Paid DJs of 2018, becoming his sixth consecutive year to top the list . His next single "Giant", a collaboration with English singer Rag'n'Bone Man was released in January 2019, peaking in the top 10 in several countries, including at number 2 in the UK. That year, mega-club Ushuaïa Ibiza booked Harris for a weekly Friday DJ residency for six weeks in August and September 2019. In 2020, Harris went on "rediscover the way he originally began producing music 22 years ago" and released two EPs, Love Regenerator 1 and Love Regenerator 2, under his Love Regenerator alias. The third EP Love Regenerator 3 was released on 13 March 2020. On 22 August 2020, Harris announced his new song called, "Over Now" with Canadian singer The Weeknd. The song was released on 28 August 2020. On 21 May 2021, Harris announced the song "By Your Side" featuring Tom Grennan. The song was released on 4 June 2021. 2022–present: Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2 and 96 Months On 3 March 2022, Harris hinted at the release of his sixth album, Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2, on his Twitter. The lead single "Potion", featuring Dua Lipa and Young Thug, was released on 27 May. On 29 June 2022, Harris announced that Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2 would be released on 5 August 2022. The album contains features from Charlie Puth, Swae Lee, Pusha T, Normani, Halsey, Tinashe, and Justin Timberlake, among others. Harris announced the second single, "New Money", which features vocals from 21 Savage. The song was released on 1 July 2022. On 6 July 2022, Harris announced that his third single, "Stay with Me", featuring Halsey, Timberlake, and Pharrell, would be released on 15 July 2022. The fourth single, "New to You", was released on 29 July 2022. It features American singers Normani and Tinashe, and rapper Offset. In February 2023, Harris and Ellie Goulding teased an upcoming single titled "Miracle" on TikTok. It was released on 10 March 2023. Harris performed at the 22nd Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in April 2023. At the Brit Awards 2024, Harris performed "Miracle" alongside Goulding, and received three nominations – British Pop Act, Song of the Year for "Miracle", and won the Brit Award for British Dance Act. On 9 August 2024, Harris released his first compilation album 96 Months, which contains several of Harris's previously released singles that had not previously been included on one of his albums. Musical style Following his professed disinterest in the genre of EDM in late 2016, Harris transitioned to funk on his fifth studio album Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1 the following year, which he continued with his sixth album Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2 in 2022. In 2016, Harris stated that Jamiroquai and Fatboy Slim had inspired him to make music. Endorsements In 2008, the artwork of Harris's debut album I Created Disco was featured as part of a multicoloured iPod nano campaign on TV and in print in the US. In 2009, Harris teamed up with Coca-Cola for their 'Open Happiness' advertising campaign in the UK. Harris wrote and produced an exclusive track for the brand called 'Yeah Yeah Yeah, La La La' which was featured on TV, digital, outdoor and on-pack promotional activity and was offered on 'Coke Zone' website for free download. The same year, Harris's song "Colours" was featured in Kia Motors's hamster television advertisement for the Kia Soul EV. In 2012, Harris was featured in the Pepsi Max commercial for their football campaign. Titled "crowd surfing", the advert showed Harris on the DJ deck playing his single "Let's Go" to the crowd of partygoers alongside star footballers Lionel Messi, Didier Drogba, Fernando Torres, Frank Lampard, Sergio Agüero and Jack Wilshere. In 2013, Harris teamed up with Sol Republic to create their first studio-tuned, professional-calibre headphones. The partnership involved designing a customised look for the headphones and redesigning its drivers to Harris's specifications. On 17 December 2014, Harris was announced as the new face of Emporio Armani for its men's underwear line for the Spring/Summer 2015 season. He was also named the worldwide testimonial of the Emporio Armani eyewear and watch collection. The black and white campaign was shot in Los Angeles by photographer Boo George. Harris returned as the face of the brand underwear line, eyewear and watch line for their Emporio Armani Fall/Winter 2015/2016 campaign. The images, shot by Lachlan Bailey, were released in July 2015. Other ventures In March 2010, Harris launched his own vanity label, Fly Eye Records. Most of the label's releases belong to the EDM genre. In 2014, the label formed a partnership with Sony/ATV Music Publishing. Later that year, Harris was appointed as the head of the artists and repertoire team at the dance label Deconstruction Records. In early 2012, Harris signed an exclusive DJ residency deal with Wynn Las Vegas which included gigs at three of the luxury resort's avenues: Encore Beach Club, Surrender and XS Nightclub. In February 2013, Harris signed as the first exclusive resident DJ with the Abu Dhabi-owned hospitality company Hakkasan Group in Las Vegas. The 20-month residency saw him play 46 dates at MGM Grand's Hakkasan nightclub, as well as 22 additional gigs at the MGM Grand's Wet Republic. In January 2015, he extended his partnership with the Hakkasan group for three more years, which includes residencies at three of the group's Las Vegas venues . Harris also serves as the Group's music consultant for its restaurants, nightclubs and hotels. On 30 March 2015, Harris was announced as a co-owner, along with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Rapper Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Including Beyoncé and Jay Z, 16 artist stakeholders co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. The idea of having a completely artist-owned streaming service was created by those involved to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry and to rival other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticised for their low payout of royalties. Harris revealed his plan to quit DJing at the age of 50. After that he will focus on studio and producing for other artists. Philanthropy In September 2007, Harris performed in the charity event "Wasted Youth" in aid of the Campaign Against Living Miserably at KOKO nightclub in Camden Town, London. The event aimed to draw attention to the issue of youth suicide among men in the UK and to raise awareness and money for the charity. In 2008, he supported Shelter's campaign "Hometime Scotland" which pledges to end homelessness and bad housing in Scotland. In 2010, Harris performed live in The War Child's post-Brit Awards show which took place at the Shepherd's Bush Empire, London. The event raised funds and public awareness on children affected by violence in war zones. In February 2012, Harris teamed up with several other artists to perform at a charity concert with all proceeds from the show going to the Children's Orthopaedic Center at the Children's Hospital Los Angeles. In November 2012, Harris contributed several songs to Tiësto's compilation album Dance Save Lives in collaboration with anti-AIDS charity Product Red which was aimed at creating awareness on the fight for an AIDS Free Generation. Harris participated in a global live stream of the Stereosonic music festival in Melbourne, Australia which took place on World AIDS Day on 1 December 2012. The proceeds from both the album and the event were donated for the cause. Following the 2017 Las Vegas shooting, Harris revealed on his Instagram that he donated his fees from his show at Omnia Nightclub to the Las Vegas Victims fund. Later that year, Harris donated $20,000 to DJ Snake charity campaign to benefit the Rohingyas, people living in Myanmar that have consistently been attacked by the Myanmar government and are being pushed out of their home with nowhere to go. The situation in Myanmar has been deemed "beyond critical" by Amnesty International. In July 2020, Harris donated £20,000 for the Save Our Sub campaign to benefit Glasgow's Sub Club which was at risk of permanent closure after temporarily closing doors on March due to the coronavirus pandemic. Income Harris is one of the highest paid disc jockeys/producers. Forbes began reporting on Harris's earnings in 2013, calculating that he earned $46 million between May 2012 and May 2013, for his music, tour and his residency in Las Vegas which placed him as the highest-paid DJ of the year. In 2014, Harris came in at number one on the list again for the second consecutive year with a total of $66 million in annual earnings. In 2015, Harris topped the highest-paid DJs list for a third consecutive year, having earned $66 million over the previous 12 months. On The Sunday Times Rich List published in April 2015, Harris was ranked the 30th richest British millionaire in music, with a personal fortune of £70 million . In 2018, he made $48.5 million. Personal life Harris dated British singer Rita Ora from 2013 to June 2014. He started dating American model Aarika Wolf in 2014, after Wolf appeared in the music video for his song "Blame". They broke up in 2015. From March 2015 to June 2016, Harris dated American singer Taylor Swift. He and Wolf got back together in 2017, and broke up in 2022. In January 2022, Harris started dating television presenter Vick Hope. They married on 9 September 2023. Harris stopped drinking alcohol in 2008, stating, "I wasn't an alcoholic or anything like that, but it was clearly affecting what I do." He is a supporter of his hometown football team Queen of the South and Liverpool. Harris considered writing a song to celebrate the former reaching the 2008 Scottish Cup Final, but the idea was scrapped due to the time constraints of recording his 2009 album Ready for the Weekend. Discography I Created Disco Ready for the Weekend 18 Months Motion Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1 Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2 96 Months Concert tours Groove Armada: Soundboy Rock tour Faithless: To All New Arrivals tour Ready for the Weekend tour Deadmau5 and Skrillex: Unhooked tour Rihanna: Last Girl on Earth Rihanna: Loud Tour Greater Than Tour , UK and Ireland Filmography

=== Cardi B ===
Belcalis Marlenis Cephus , known professionally as Cardi B, is an American rapper. Noted for her unfiltered public image and lyrics, Cardi B is one of the most successful female rappers. From 2015 to early 2017, she gained recognition on Vine and Instagram, as a cast member on VH1's Love & Hip Hop: New York, and by releasing two mixtapes. Her first studio album, Invasion of Privacy , debuted atop the Billboard 200 with the largest female rap album streaming week of all time, and was later ranked the top female rap album of the 2010s by Billboard. Critically acclaimed, it made Cardi B the first solo female artist in history to win the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album, and Rolling Stone ranked it the best debut album of all time by a female rapper. Its singles "Bodak Yellow" and "I Like It" both topped the Billboard Hot 100 and were certified diamond by the RIAA; the former made Cardi B the first female rapper to top the Hot 100 with a solo song in the 21st century and the first to achieve a diamond-certified song, while the latter made her the first with multiple number-one songs. Her third US number-one, the collaboration "Girls Like You" with Maroon 5, made her the first female rapper to earn multiple RIAA diamond-certified songs. She released "WAP" in 2020 and "Up" in 2021, both of which topped the Hot 100 and other charts worldwide. "WAP" is the only female rap collaboration to debut atop the Hot 100, made Cardi B the first lead artist to top the Billboard Global 200 and had a large cultural impact. Cardi B holds various records among women in hip hop; she is the female rapper with the most number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100, the only female rapper to achieve multiple solo number-ones, and the only to earn number-one singles in two decades . She further is the highest-certified female rapper of all time in the US, the first female rapper to earn at least three diamond-certified songs by the RIAA, and has over 100 million RIAA-certified units sold in the US. Additionally, Invasion of Privacy is the most-streamed female rap album on Apple Music and Spotify. She has won a Grammy Award, the most Billboard Music Awards , Guinness World Records , BET Hip Hop Awards , and ASCAP Songwriter of the Year awards among female rappers, six American Music Awards and four MTV Video Music Awards. Time listed her as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2018 and Billboard named her Woman of the Year in 2020. Outside of music, Cardi B served as a judge on the music competition series Rhythm + Flow , appeared in the films Hustlers and F9 , and had a voice role in Baby Shark's Big Movie! . In 2022, she became the creative director of entertainment magazine Playboy. Early life Belcalis Marlenis Almánzar was born on October 11, 1992, in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Her father Carlos is Dominican and her mother Clara is a Trinidadian of African and Spanish descent; Almánzar identifies as an Afro-Latina. Almánzar was raised in the Highbridge neighborhood of the South Bronx, and spent much time at her paternal grandmother's home in Washington Heights, which she credits with giving her "such a thick accent." Almánzar developed the stage name "Cardi B" as a derivation of Bacardi, a rum brand that was formerly her nickname. She has a younger sister, Hennessy Carolina, who was born in 1995. She has said she was a gang member with the Bloods in her youth, since age 16, but stated she would not encourage joining a gang. She attended Renaissance High School for Musical Theater & Technology, a vocational high school on the Herbert H. Lehman High School campus. Belcalis speaks Dominican Spanish, English as well as a smidgen of Russian and French. During her teens, Cardi B was employed at a grocery store in Tribeca. She was fired and became a dancer at a strip club across the street. Cardi B has said that becoming a stripper was positive for her life in many ways: "It really saved me from a lot of things. When I started stripping I went back to school." She stated that she became a stripper to escape poverty and domestic violence, having been in an abusive relationship at the time after being kicked out of her mother's house, and that stripping was her only way to earn enough money to escape the situation and get an education. She attended Borough of Manhattan Community College before eventually dropping out. While stripping, Cardi B lied to her mother by telling her she was making money by babysitting. In 2013, she began to gain publicity due to several of her videos spreading on social media, on Vine and her Instagram page. Career 2015–2016: Career beginnings In 2015, Cardi B joined the cast of the VH1 reality television series Love & Hip Hop: New York, debuting in season six. Jezebel considered her the breakout star of the show's sixth season. The New York Times wrote that she garnered popularity with "her ability to rattle off one-liners". The sixth and seventh seasons chronicle her rise to stardom and her turbulent relationship with her incarcerated fiancé. On December 30, 2016, after two seasons, she announced that she would be leaving the show to further pursue a career in music. In November 2015, Cardi B made her musical debut on Jamaican reggae fusion singer Shaggy's remix to his single "Boom Boom", alongside fellow Jamaican dancehall singer Popcaan. She made her music video debut on December 15, 2015, with the song "Cheap Ass Weave", her rendition of British rapper Lady Leshurr's "Queen's Speech 4". On March 7, 2016, Cardi B released her first full-length project, a mixtape titled Gangsta Bitch Music, Vol. 1. In November 2016, she was featured on the digital cover of Vibe magazine's "Viva" issue. On September 12, 2016, KSR Group released the compilation Underestimated: The Album, which is a collaboration between KSR Group artists Cardi B, HoodCelebrityy, SwiftOnDemand, Cashflow Harlem, and Josh X. It was previously released only to attendees of their U.S. tour. the label's flagship artist, Cardi B, said: "I wanted to make a song that would make girls dance, twerk and at the same time encourage them to go get that Shmoney," in regard to the compilation's single "What a Girl Likes". She appeared on the December 9, 2015, episode of Uncommon Sense with Charlamagne. On April 6, 2016, she was on the twelfth episode of Khloé Kardashian's Kocktails with Khloé: in this episode, she revealed how she told her mother that she was a stripper. In November 2016, it was announced that she would be joining the cast of the BET series Being Mary Jane. TVLine describes her character, Mercedes, as a "round-the-way beauty with a big weave, big boobs and a big booty to match her oversize, ratchet personality." In 2016, Cardi B was featured in her first endorsement deal with Romantic Depot, a large New York chain of lingerie stores that sell sexual health and wellness products. The ad campaign was featured on radio and cable TV. 2017–2018: Breakthrough with Invasion of Privacy On January 20, 2017, Cardi B released her second mixtape, Gangsta Bitch Music, Vol. 2. In February 2017, Cardi B partnered with MAC Cosmetics and Rio Uribe's Gypsy Sport for an event for New York Fashion Week. In late February, Cardi B signed her first major record label recording contract with Atlantic Records. On February 25, 2017, Cardi B was the opening act for East Coast hip hop group The Lox's Filthy America... It's Beautiful Tour, alongside fellow New York City-based rappers Lil' Kim and Remy Ma. In April 2017, she was featured in i-D's "A-Z of Music" video sponsored by Marc Jacobs. Cardi guest-starred on the celebrity panel show Hip Hop Squares, appearing on the March 13 and April 3, 2017, episodes. She also released the freestyle "Red Barz". In May 2017, the nominees for the 2017 BET Awards were announced, revealing that Cardi B had been nominated for Best New Artist and Best Female Hip-Hop Artist. Although Chance the Rapper and Remy Ma won those categories, respectively, Cardi B performed at the BET Awards Afterparty show. On June 11, 2017, during Hot 97's annual Summer Jam music festival, Remy Ma brought out Cardi B, along with The Lady of Rage, MC Lyte, Young M.A, Monie Love, Lil' Kim, and Queen Latifah, to celebrate female rappers and perform Latifah's 1993 hit single "U.N.I.T.Y." about female empowerment. In June 2017, it was revealed that Cardi B would be on the cover of The Fader's Summer Music issue for July/August 2017. She performed at MoMA PS1 on August 19 to a crowd of 4,000. On June 16, 2017, Atlantic Records released Cardi B's commercial debut single, "Bodak Yellow", via digital distribution. She performed the single on The Wendy Williams Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live! The song climbed the charts for several months, and, on the Billboard Hot 100 chart dated September 25, 2017, "Bodak Yellow" reached the number one spot, making Cardi B the first female rapper to do so with a solo single since Lauryn Hill's "Doo Wop " debuted atop the chart in 1998. The song stayed atop the charts for three consecutive weeks, tying with American pop singer Taylor Swift's "Look What You Made Me Do" as the longest running female at the number one spot in 2017. Cardi B became the first person of Dominican descent to reach number one in the history of the Hot 100 since it was launched in 1958. An editor of The New York Times called it "the rap anthem of the summer". Selected by The Washington Post and Pitchfork music critics as the best song of 2017, "Bodak Yellow" was eventually certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America . The song received nominations for Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song at the 60th Grammy Awards. It won Single of the Year at the 2017 BET Hip Hop Awards. With her collaborations "No Limit" and "MotorSport", she became the first female rapper to land her first three entries in the top 10 of the Hot 100, and the first female artist to achieve the same on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In October 2017, Cardi B headlined Power 105.1's annual Powerhouse music celebration, alongside the Weeknd, Migos, and Lil Uzi Vert, at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. In December, she released two songs: a collaboration with Puerto Rican singer Ozuna titled "La Modelo", and "Bartier Cardi", the second single from her debut album. On January 3, 2018, Cardi B was featured on the remix of Bruno Mars' single "Finesse", and appeared in the 90s inspired video. It reached the top three on the Hot 100, Canada and New Zealand. On January 18, 2018, Cardi B became the first female rapper to have five top 10 singles simultaneously on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. She released another single, "Be Careful", on March 30, 2018, a week before her album's release. Her debut studio album, Invasion of Privacy, was released on April 6, 2018, to universal acclaim from music critics. Editors from Variety and The New York Times called it "one of the most powerful debuts of this millennium" and "a hip-hop album that doesn't sound like any of its temporal peers," respectively. The album entered at number one in the United States, while she became the first female artist to chart 13 entries simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100, on the chart issue dated April 21. It became the most streamed album by a female artist in a single week in Apple Music, and the largest on-demand audio streaming week ever for an album by a woman. Cardi held the latter record until 2019. The album's title reflects Cardi B's feeling that as she gained popularity her privacy was being invaded in a variety of ways. Following the album's release, during a performance on Saturday Night Live, Cardi B officially announced her pregnancy, after much media speculation. She also co-hosted an episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. Several months later, in July 2018, the album's fourth single, "I Like It", which features vocals from Bad Bunny and J Balvin, reached number one on the Hot 100; this marked her second number one on the chart and made her the first female rapper to achieve multiple chart-toppers. It received critical acclaim, with Rolling Stone naming it "the best summer song of all time" in 2020. Her collaboration with Maroon 5, "Girls Like You", also reached number one on the Hot 100 chart, extending her record among female rappers and also making her the sixth female artist to achieve three number-one singles on the chart during the 2010s. The song's music video has received more than 3 billion views on YouTube and was the fifth-best selling song of the year globally. With "Girls Like You" following "I Like It" at the top of the Billboard Radio Songs chart, Cardi B became the first female rapper to replace herself at number one on the chart. The single spent seven weeks atop the Hot 100, making Cardi the female rapper with the most cumulative weeks atop the chart, with eleven weeks. It spent 33 weeks in the top 10, tying both Ed Sheeran's "Shape of You" and Post Malone and Swae Lee's "Sunflower" for the longest top 10 run in the chart's archives at the time. In October 2018, Invasion of Privacy was certified double platinum by the RIAA, and the following year it was updated to triple platinum. With the thirteen tracks, she became the first female artist to have all songs from an album certified gold or higher in the US. Cardi B received the most nominations for the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards with 12 mentions—including for Video of the Year, winning three awards. She tied with Drake for the most nominations at the 2018 American Music Awards. She won three AMAs and performed at the ceremony. Her single "Money" earned her a fourth Video Music Award, with visuals that feature Cardi playing characters in different locations, including in an art museum, a bank and a strip club. Her collaboration with DJ Snake "Taki Taki" topped the charts in a number of Hispanic countries, made Cardi B the first female rapper to top the Spotify Global 50 chart, and has garnered more than 2 billion views. Both singles were certified multiple-platinum by the RIAA. People en Español named her Star of the Year, and Entertainment Weekly deemed her "a pop culture phenomenon", as she was named one of "2018 Entertainers of the Year". On November 30, 2018, Cardi B was honored at Ebony's annual Power 100 Gala. Cardi ranked fifth on the 2018 Billboard Year-End Top Artists chart, while Invasion of Privacy ranked sixth. She achieved the most-streamed album of the year by a female artist globally in Apple Music, and ranked as the most streamed female artist of the year in the United States in Spotify. Editorial staff from Apple Music and Billboard named "I Like It" the best song of 2018, while Time magazine and Rolling Stone named Invasion of Privacy the best album of the year. Also in 2018, Time included her on their annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world. In its decade-end review article, NME stated that the era secured "her crown as the new Queen of Rap." 2019–2020: Hustlers, Rhythm + Flow and "WAP" Cardi B received five nominations at the 61st Grammy Awards, including for Album of the Year, Best Rap Album and Record of the Year . She became the third female rapper to be nominated for Album of the Year, following Lauryn Hill and Missy Elliott . On February 10, 2019, she then performed at the award ceremony, where she wore three vintage Thierry Mugler couture looks during the telecast and became the first female rapper to win Best Rap Album as a solo artist. Cardi B led the 2019 Billboard Music Awards nominations, with 21, earning the most nominations in a single year by a female artist and the third most nominations in a year . She ended up winning six awards, including for Top Hot 100 Song, bringing her career total wins to seven—the most of any female rapper in history. An article by Omaha World-Herald called her "the biggest rapper in the world." On February 15, 2019, Cardi B released "Please Me", a collaboration with Bruno Mars, which became her seventh top-ten song on the Hot 100, reaching number three. The song marked Cardi and Bruno's second collaboration, following "Finesse" in 2018. The official music video was released two weeks later. On March 1, Cardi set a new attendance record at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, with 75,580 fans in the audience. With "Backin' It Up", "Twerk" and "Money", Cardi became the first female artist to occupy the top three on the Billboard Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop airplay chart. Her following single titled "Press" was released on May 31, 2019. The parental-advisory labeled music video marked her directorial debut—being credited as co-director, and was released on June 26, 2019. It had its debut performance at the 2019 BET Awards, where she received the most nominations with seven, and won Album of the Year. During the summer of 2019, she embarked on an arena tour. In September, she led the BET Hip Hop Awards nominations with ten. Cardi B made her film debut in Hustlers directed by Lorene Scafaria, opposite Jennifer Lopez, Constance Wu, and Lili Reinhart. The film was released on September 13, 2019. Cardi B, along with Chance the Rapper and T.I., were confirmed as judges for the Netflix series Rhythm + Flow, a ten-part hip-hop talent search that premiered on October 9, 2019, which she also executive produced. In December 2019, Cardi B embarked on her first tour of Africa, performing in Nigeria and Ghana. Her collaboration "Clout" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance. She was the most streamed female rapper of 2019 in the US, according to Spotify. Consequence of Sound deemed her "one of the most formidable hip-hop artists of the decade." In March 2020, Cardi B created a reaction video about the coronavirus pandemic. DJ iMarkkeyz, a Brooklyn DJ known for turning memes and online moments into full-length songs, created a track, based on her reaction titled "Coronavirus", which became an internet meme and was released to music platforms. Netflix announced the return of Rhythm + Flow for 2021. Cardi B released the single "WAP" featuring American rapper Megan Thee Stallion on August 7, 2020, as the lead single off her forthcoming second studio album. The song received critical acclaim and was praised for its sex positive messages. The Colin Tilley-directed music video accompanied the song itself, and broke the record for the biggest 24-hour debut for an all-female collaboration on YouTube. She became the only female rap artist to top the Global Spotify chart multiple times. "WAP" debuted at number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, garnering Cardi B her fourth chart-topper in the US, extending her record as the female rapper with the most number-one singles, and also making her the first female rapper to achieve Hot 100 number one singles in two different decades . With 93 million streaming units, it became the largest first-week streams for a song, breaking the all-time record held by Ariana Grande's "7 Rings". It has spent four weeks atop the Hot 100. The single has also spent multiple weeks at number one in seven other countries, including Australia and the United Kingdom. Neil Shah of The Wall Street Journal deemed it "a big moment for female rappers" and "a historic sign that women artists are making their mark on hip-hop like never before". "WAP" became the first number one single on the inaugural Billboard Global 200 chart. It became critics' best song of the year according to a compilation of rankings made by the BBC, with publications such as Pitchfork and Rolling Stone placing it at number one. Cardi B won the Billboard Music Award for Top Rap Female Artist for the third time at the 2020 ceremony. In December 2020, Cardi B became the first female rapper to be named Woman of the Year at the Billboard Women in Music Awards. With her win for "WAP" at the American Music Awards, she became the first artist to win the American Music Award for Favorite Rap/Hip-Hop Song multiple times, following her win for "Bodak Yellow" in 2018. 2021–present: Upcoming second studio album On February 5, 2021, Cardi B released "Up", the second single from her upcoming studio album. A music video for the single was released alongside it. The song was praised by NME magazine for its lyricism and fresh approach as a successor to "WAP". "Up" debuted at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, marking the highest debut for a solo female rap song since Lauryn Hill's "Doo Wop " in 1998. The song debuted at number one on the Rolling Stone Top 100, becoming both Cardi B's second number-one single and second number-one debut, as well as the first time a female rapper debuts atop the chart with a solo song. Cardi B became the first female artist and first lead artist with consecutive number-one debuts on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and second overall performer following Drake in 2016. "Up" reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 after her Grammy Awards performance, making her the only female rapper to reach number one multiple times with solo songs, following "Bodak Yellow", and extended her record as the female rapper with the most number-one songs on the Hot 100 as her fifth chart-topper. Cardi B received a second nomination for the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist. Cardi B made a last-minute appearance in "Big Paper", from DJ Khaled's album Khaled Khaled released on April 30, 2021. Cardi received two nominations for the BET Award for Video of the Year, for the videos "Up" and "WAP", winning for the latter and becoming the first female rapper to win Video of the Year as a lead artist. This became the 10th time that an artist has had two nominated videos in this category as a lead artist, and the second time for her, following her nominations for "Money" and "Please Me" in 2019. She announced her second pregnancy during the performance of her Migos collaboration "Type Shit" at the 2021 ceremony. She also appeared in F9, which was released on June 25, 2021, by Universal Pictures. On July 16, 2021, Cardi B was featured on the Normani single "Wild Side". Cardi collaborated with Lizzo on "Rumors", which debuted at number four on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Cardi B's tenth top 10 single on the chart, and her seventh number-one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Cardi B received six nominations at the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards, including her second nomination for Video of the Year. She also led the nominations for the 2021 BET Hip Hop Awards along with Megan Thee Stallion, with nine each; both rappers won the most awards during the ceremony with three for "WAP", with Cardi becoming the first female artist to win Best Hip Hop Video twice . On October 28, 2021, Cardi B previewed her second album to Atlantic Records via her Instagram Story. She captioned "The money people liking the album sounds". On November 2, Cardi B was announced as the host of the 2021 American Music Awards . The award show was held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles on November 21, and marked the most social telecast of the year per interactions across social media. During the ceremony, "Up" won the award for Favorite Hip Hop Song, making Cardi B the first artist to win the category three times. Cardi B featured on Summer Walker's 2021 album Still Over It on the opening track "Bitter". Warner Records released the soundtrack for Halle Berry's directorial debut film Bruised on November 19. Selected by executive producers Berry and Cardi B, the Netflix film's soundtrack features six original songs by female artists, including Cardi, H.E.R., City Girls, Flo Milli, Saweetie, and Latto, and seven additional female rap songs inspired by the film. In March 2022, Cardi B appeared on the extended version of Summer Walker and SZA's collaboration, "No Love". The following month, she featured on rapper Kay Flock's song, "Shake It"; it samples Akon's 2005 song "Belly Dancer ". Also in April, Cardi guest-voiced as Sharki B, her "aquatic alter ego", on "The Seaweed Sway" episode of the Nickelodeon animated series Baby Shark's Big Show!—and performed a song of the same name. She appeared alongside Offset and her daughter. On July 1, 2022, Cardi B released "Hot Shit", featuring rappers Kanye West and Lil Durk, as the third single from her upcoming second studio album. The song was first announced during a BET Awards 2022 commercial break. On July 8 and 9, she headlined the 2022 Wireless Festival in London and Birmingham. Cardi B worked with cousin and fellow rapper GloRilla on the remix to her song "Tomorrow", titled "Tomorrow 2", which was released in September 2022. The remix peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Cardi's eleventh top-ten single. HipHopDX listed it as the "Best Hip-Hop Collaboration" of 2022 while it was also the highest-listed song by a female rapper on Billboard's 100 Best Songs of 2022 list. On October 1, Cardi B made a surprise appearance at the Inglewood show of Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny's concert tour, the World's Hottest Tour. In November, she signed with entertainment executive Irving Azoff's Full Stop Management. In December 2022, she gave a 35-minute private performance at the Miami Art Basel for which she was paid $1 million. Later that month, a remix of Spanish artist Rosalía's song "Despechá" featuring Cardi, was released. Cardi B appeared as a surprise performer at the New York City shows of SZA and GloRilla's tours: the SOS Tour and Anyways, Life's Great Tour, in early 2023. In April, she served as one of three headliners of the inaugural Rolling Loud Thailand festival in Pattaya, along with Travis Scott and Chris Brown. In June, she featured on "Put It on da Floor Again", the remix to rapper Latto's "Put It on da Floor". It peaked at number 13 on the Hot 100, becoming Cardi's 20th top-twenty single. On June 4, Cardi B headlined the 2023 Summer Jam festival in Elmont, New York. ln July, she featured on "Point Me 2", the remix to drill rapper FendiDa Rappa's single "Point Me to the Slut's". Later that month, she collaborated with Offset on two tracks of his second solo album, Set It Off : "Freaky" and "Jealousy". The latter was released as the lead single of the record; it samples Three 6 Mafia's "Jealous Ass Bitches". Cardi released "Bongos" featuring Megan Thee Stallion on September 8, 2023, as the fourth single of her upcoming second studio album. The song marks the pair's second collaboration after "WAP" . The music video, directed by Tanu Muino, cost over $2 million. "Bongos" reached number 14 in the US. Cardi led the 2023 BET Hip Hop Awards nominations with 21 Savage, with twelve each. She reprised her voice role as Sharki B for the children's animated film, Baby Shark's Big Movie!, in which ch she appeared alongside Offset and their two children. It premiered in December on Paramount+ and Nickelodeon. Cardi B co-headlined TikTok's inaugural In the Mix festival on December 10 in Mesa, Arizona, which was released as a concert special on Disney+ and Hulu on December 15. She performed at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach, accompanied by DJ Gryffin, on December 31, 2023, which aired live for the 2024 edition of Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve. She released the promotional single "Like What " on March 1, 2024, with an accompanying music video directed by Offset. Her first solo song since "Up" , it is a freestyle of rapper Missy Elliot's "She's a Bitch" . The track reached the top 40 in the US and became Cardi's 19th top-ten and 11th chart-topper on Hot Rap Songs and Hot Rap Digital Songs. It was followed by "Enough " on March 15, which marked her 12th top-ten on the Hot 100 and seventh number-one on the Digital Songs chart. A remix of Flo Milli's "Never Lose Me" was released on the same day, featuring SZA and Cardi B. On March 11, Cardi joined Madonna onstage for a guest appearance at the Inglewood show of her Celebration Tour. She appeared on "Puntería" with Shakira, the opening track and eighth single of the latter's twelfth album Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran, released on March 22, 2024. "Puntería" reached number one on the Latin Airplay chart and topped the Latin Pop Airplay chart for nine weeks. On May 21, Cardi B appeared as a surprise performer at the Madison Square Garden show of Megan Thee Stallion's Hot Girl Summer Tour. She featured on the remix of Thee Stallion and GloRilla's "Wanna Be", released on May 31. In June, Cardi featured on "Put Em in the Fridge" from Peso Pluma's fourth album Éxodo. She co-headlined the BET Experience festival at the Crypto.com Arena on June 28. Her collaboration with Rob49, titled "On Dat Money", was released on July 19. "Enough " was nominated for Best Rap Performance at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards. Cardi and Pardison Fontaine released "Toot It Up" on February 7, 2025. She then featured alongside DJ Khaled, Natania, and Subhi on Desi Trill's "Higher Love", released on February 21 as the lead single of the Smurfs soundtrack. Cardi B will release her second studio album sometime in 2025; it was reported to be "three-quarters of the way done" in mid-2024. Previously set for release in 2023 and 2024, she revealed that she was "just holding it" because she felt "[the record was] missing a couple of things" and "gotta make sure that everything is just planned out". Cardi will also release a collaboration with DJ Vybz Kartel in 2025. Artistry Influences In Billboard's "You Should Know" series, Cardi B said the first albums she ever purchased were by American entertainers Missy Elliott and Tweet, respectively. She has credited Puerto Rican rapper Ivy Queen and Jamaican dancehall artist Spice as influences, as well as Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Lil' Kim, Madonna, and Selena. She has mentioned Chicago drill music as an important influence. When asked about the initial direction for her music, Cardi B said in an interview, "When I first started rapping [...] I liked certain songs from Khia and Trina, and they [were] fighting songs. I haven't heard fighting songs for a very long time," crediting the two female rappers for her aggressive rap style. She continued, saying "a lot of girls they cannot afford red bottoms, a lot of girls they cannot afford foreign cars [...] but I know that every girl has beef with a girl [...] I know that every bitch don't like some bitch, and it's like 'that's what I wanna rap about.'" She credits her experiences growing up in the South Bronx for her success, stating: "I wouldn't be able to rap about the things that I rap about now [if I hadn't grown up there]." Musical style Her debut studio album, Invasion of Privacy, is primarily a hip hop record, which comprises elements of trap, Latin music, and R&B. Her flow was described as "acrobatic and nimble" by Consequence of Sound, and "aggressive" by Newsweek and AllMusic. Stereogum called her vocals an "unabashedly loud and sexual fuck-you New York honk" and "a full-bodied New Yawk nasal bleat, the sort of thing that you've heard if someone has ever told you that you stupid for taking too long at swiping your MetroCard." Pitchfork wrote that her vocal performance in "WAP" is in "her classic throaty style", while Los Angeles Times characterized it as a "staccato bark". NME described her album as "sexually free" and performed with "rapid" flow. Pitchfork and The Source highlighted the album's punchlines as clever and quotable, and The New York Times called them "classically comedic". In a 2017 Complex article, the editor wrote: "unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B-ness of Cardi B's personality. She's a hood chick who's not afraid to be hood no matter the setting ... this is why she resonates with people, and that same energy comes out in her music." She possesses a New York-Dominican accent. Cardi B has defended her musical content featuring sexually-charged lyrics—like most contemporary female rappers; she stated that the content "seems like that's what people want to hear", since she faced negative reactions after releasing her more emotional song, "Be Careful". She has declared, "[Drill music] is the type of artist I always wanted to be: I like to rap about the streets, and I like to rap about my pussy. I don't give a fuck about it." She has stated that writing and performing songs about her personal life and relationships initially caused her a "weird and uncomfortable" feeling and shyness. Other ventures Products and endorsements In February 2017, she partnered with M.A.C and Rio Uribe's Gypsy Sport for a New York Fashion Week event. Her April appearance in i-D's "A-Z of Music" video was sponsored by designer Marc Jacobs, and she made the cover of The Fader's July/August 2017 Summer Music issue. Tom Ford's Cardi B-inspired lipstick, named after her, was released in September 2018. It sold out within 24 hours. In November, she released a clothing line collection with Fashion Nova. The same month she partnered with Reebok, promoting the brand's Aztrek sneaker. In partnership with Reebok, she released a footwear and apparel collection in 2020, inspired by her personal style and paying homage to "classic 80s styling" and motifs. She released her second collection with Reebok in 2021, titled "Let Me Be...In My World", comprising sneakers, tracksuits, and corsets, inspired by everyday life in New York City. The third collection with the brand, "Mommy & Me", was released in May 2021 in recognition of Mother's Day, which includes Cardi's iteration of Club C shoes for adults, children, and infants. The next, titled "Let Me Be...Enchanted" was released in two parts in June and July 2022; it was revealed to be inspired by "a state of enchantment and euphoria" and included crop tops, faux fur jackets, and leotards along with footwear. The fifth and final collection, "Let Me Be...Next Level Energy", was also released in two parts in September and December 2022, concluding her four-year partnership with Reebok. Inspired by Cardi B's "unmatched energy", the collection consisted of bodysuits, crop tops, footwear, leggings, and woven jackets—of a color palette based on crystals. Cardi B teamed up with Pepsi for three television commercials, which aired during the Super Bowl LIII, the 61st Annual Grammy Awards, and Christmas. In early 2019, Cardi also joined other hip hop artists in releasing her flavors of snack food Rap Snacks: two flavors of chips, and two of popcorn. The bags' artwork was designed by Jai Manselle and inspired by the cover of Invasion of Privacy. In December 2021, Cardi B partnered with PLBY Group Inc. as creative director in residence for Playboy and founding member of Centerfold, a creator-driven website in the works. The partnership also includes fashion and sexual wellness products. In February 2023, Cardi B and Offset partnered with McDonald's to create the Cardi B and Offset meal, which was launched on Valentine's Day. The meal was first announced in the 2023 McDonald's Super Bowl commercial which the couple appeared in. In October, she fronted the campaign for Skims' Cotton Collection. The campaign generated over $4 million in media impact value . In December 2023, she made her runway debut at the Balenciaga fall 2024 show in Los Angeles. In February 2024, Cardi B starred in NYX Cosmetics' inaugural Super Bowl commercial for Super Bowl LVIII, titled "Lips Only". An edited version of the advert—centered around the company's Duck Plump lip gloss—was broadcast during the commercial break, due to ribald themes of humor. In May 2024, she appeared alongside sprinter Sha'Carri Richardson in a commercial for the 2024 Summer Olympics. In July, Cardi fronted the Marc Jacobs fall 2024 campaign. Whipshots In collaboration with Starco Brands, Cardi B launched a vodka-infused, vegan whipped cream, called Whipshots, in the US in December 2021. It has sold over five million cans as of March 2024. Cardi Tries She premiered the series Cardi Tries via Facebook Messenger in December 2020, with herself as one of the executive producers. The web series ran for three seasons until April 2023. Philanthropy In 2022, Cardi B donated $100,000 to the elementary school she attended, I.S. 232 in The Bronx. Public image Political statements Cardi B identifies as a feminist. The rapper has been called "unabashedly, directly political" and often uses social media to advocate for causes she believes in, such as gun control. During the 2016 presidential primaries, she warned her fans of Donald Trump's immigration policies and encouraged them to vote for Senator Bernie Sanders. At the Grammy Awards in 2018, she appeared in a video along with Hillary Clinton to narrate a portion of Fire and Fury, Michael Wolff's insider's account of Trump's administration, and stated "Why am I even reading this shit? I can't believe this. I can't believe—this is how he really lives his life?" Early in 2018, she used her social media to demand transparency on tax policy, asking for detailed information on how her taxpayer dollars are being spent in New York state and criticizing the maintenance of its streets, prisons, and public transportation. Also in 2018, she praised President Franklin D. Roosevelt for advocating for the Social Security program and the New Deal project. She said of Roosevelt, "he helped us get over the Depression, all while he was in a wheelchair. Like, this man was suffering from polio at the time of his presidency, and yet all he was worried about was trying to make America great—make America great again for real. He's the real 'Make America Great Again,' because if it wasn't for him, old people wouldn't even get Social Security." Sanders has praised her for her "leading role" in calling attention to Social Security. Cardi B endorsed Sanders once again in his second bid for the presidency in the 2020 United States presidential election, while praising U.S. Representative Tim Ryan. She stated that one of the reasons for her endorsement is Sanders' long-time involvement in supporting underprivileged minorities and "people getting Medicare because he knows they can't afford it," while Politico argued that she "might be one of Bernie's most powerful 2020 allies." In 2020, Cardi B used her social pages to raise awareness for victims of police brutality, and has encouraged people to vote for mayors, judges and district attorneys in local elections. In a conversation with Democratic candidate Joe Biden for Elle, they discussed Medicare, free college tuition, and racial equality. According to a study published by The Hollywood Reporter, Cardi B ranked as the fifth most influential celebrity, and fourth among Generation Z, for the 2020 presidential election. In late 2023, Cardi B stated she no longer supports Joe Biden for president, saying that she would "not [be] endorsing no fucking presidents no more" as a result of Biden's "spending on wars". In 2024, she endorsed Kamala Harris. Fashion Cardi has a noted affinity for Christian Louboutin heels, a running theme in her song "Bodak Yellow". She has also mentioned her affinity for cheap, fast fashion brands stating "I don't care if it cost $20 or $15. If it looks good on me, it looks good on me". During an interview in early 2017, Cardi B spoke on being rejected by some fashion designers. Cardi wore vintage Thierry Mugler to the 2019 Grammy Awards, with an i-D article stating that the fashion house's "resurgence onto the fashion scene can almost single-handedly be attributed" to the Swarovski crystal-embroidered crinoline sheath gown she wore at the ceremony. Mugler's collaboration with Cardi B marked the second time in 25 years that the Paris house opened its archives to dress a celebrity, the first being Beyoncé for her 2009 concert tour. W magazine credited the "WAP" music video for popularizing the Mugler bodysuit in the mainstream. Cardi has acknowledged Mugler as one of the first designers to "take a major chance on [her]" for their fashion collaborations. Vogue, The Telegraph, Time, and Vibe have referred to her as a fashion icon. An article from Vogue noted she "is famous for her statement getups—whether she's rocking archival Mugler on the red carpet, or dripping in Chanel while sitting courtside at a basketball game." Her over-the-top manicures, designed by nail artist Jenny Bui and studded with Swarovski crystals, has become a part of her signature look. Editor Christian Allaire from the magazine in 2021 commented that her signature "bold" ensembles "create a spectacle" during fashion weeks. In 2018, she became the first female rapper in the U.S. to appear on the cover of Vogue magazine. Photographed by Annie Leibovitz, the cover, one of four for the January 2019 issue that included Stella McCartney, features her in a red and white Michael Kors dress and matching red Jimmy Choo shoes, while holding her daughter, Kulture. In 2019, the Council of Fashion Designers of America included her on their list of "28 Black Fashion Forces". Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour commended her fashion sense, declaring that she "completely rethought [her] opinion of Cardi B's style" after the 2019 Met Gala, where the rapper wore a Thom Browne-designed burgundy gown that extends outward in concentric circles for about ten feet and was inspired by the female form. Cardi B became the face of Balenciaga's ad campaign for the winter 2020 season. The campaign includes billboards in several international locations, such as the Louvre museum. Vogue's Brooke Bobb commented, "This is Cardi's first campaign for a luxury fashion house, though she's definitely no stranger to the Parisian style scene", citing her floral printed Richard Quinn ensemble "that literally covered her from head to toe" and her being "a front row fixture" at high fashion shows, adding, "She and her stylist Kollin Carter have been wildly successful in carving out a much-needed space for Cardi within the fashion industry, and they've cultivated a personal style that is all her own while being inspiring to all". In 2020, Cardi B became the first female rapper to be awarded by the FN Achievement Awards when she won the Style Influencer of the Year award, which was presented to her by Christian Louboutin. In a press release for the awards show, she was called an "influence just about everything in pop culture—from music, fashion and style to social media, politics and even public service". In 2022, Rolling Stone ranked her as the second most-stylish woman in music, behind Lady Gaga, and GQ considered her "one of fashion's preeminent risk-takers." Impact Cardi B has been referred to as the "Reigning Queen of Hip Hop" by multiple publications, including Billboard, The Hollywood Reporter, Entertainment Weekly, Omaha World-Herald, Black Enterprise, Newsweek, and The A.V. Club, and as the "Queen of Rap" by NME, Essence, Harper's Bazaar Malaysia, The Jakarta Post, Uproxx, iHeartRadio, Geo TV, Vanity Fair, Joe, Boston Herald, Refinery 29, France 24, and Nigerian media The Guardian, BBC News, and Daily Trust. Spin staff credited her for opening "the table to a new generation of pop artists remaking American music in their own image and accents," as Cardi B "recognized that POC artists no longer need to pander or soften themselves in order to become household names." Billboard editors stated that with "Bodak Yellow"'s commercial success, "she left an indelible mark on the summer of 2017, not only because she rewrote history, but she gave hope to the have nots...". Several publications have credited "I Like It", the first Latin trap song to reach number one on the Hot 100, for introducing the "musical movement" to a mainstream, massive audience. Billboard's Carl Lamarre considered "WAP"'s achievements "a clever Trojan horse for the myriad ways Cardi influences the culture with every move she makes." Billboard noted that from the late 2010s to the early 2020s, "Cardi kept cranking out hits that either crossed over to pop radio or exploded across hip-hop culture , while also dabbling in Hollywood projects and brand deals". The Wall Street Journal's Neil Shah stated in 2020 that her breakthrough and success influenced "today's female-rap renaissance," while Genius staff credited her for "helping jumpstart a new wave of female hip-hop signings and promotion at labels," and NPR Music commented that the "renaissance" of the dynamism of women in rap grew "in enthusiasm and breadth" since Cardi's "first historic run" in 2017. Similarly, Clover Hope's book The Motherlode stated that Invasion of Privacy "jump-started a new era for women rappers in which success felt much more tangible" as Cardi B "multiplied the wealth of talent and resurrected the idea that numerous women who controlled their own stories could dominate rap at once." The New Yorker has credited her for "changing a genre that has rarely allowed for more than one female superstar at a time." Uproxx noted Cardi B for promoting up-and-coming female rappers; "[she is] choosing to use her position at the height of stardom to open doors for other women to flourish in hip-hop at a greater level than any since the Golden Era and 'Ladies First'," considering it "something of a departure from tradition; for the decade previous to Cardi's precipitous come-up, it seemed hip-hop had an unspoken, Highlander-esque rule in place regarding women." Variety deemed her a "hip-hop icon", and The Independent called her "the people's pop culture icon", writing that she "has become one of the most recognisable cultural figures of the past 10 years". In 2024, Billboard included Cardi B among the honorable mentions of its "25 Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century" listicle. The magazine called her one of the "most influential female rappers ever, and one of the most bankable hit-makers across all of hip-hop". NPR defined "Cardi B effect" as "a branding power rooted in specific authenticity, created and permeated by rapper Cardi B" and noticed that with her breakthrough, "brands finally started to become hip to [her] effect, noticing the cultural markers outside of the rap world that were proving it wasn't limited to clubs, concerts and radio." Business magazine Inc. stated that her success "shows how social media changed everything we knew about traditional marketing and media", which no longer relies on a "well-thought marketing scheme or millions of dollars in advertising." In 2019, a life-sized sculpture of her was on display at the Brooklyn Museum, as part of Spotify's RapCaviar "Pantheon". Bloomberg News reported that her data bill helped to boost Ghana's GDP growth in 2019, after it was part of a concert tour. She inspired the creation of the sitcom Partners in Rhyme, executively produced by MC Lyte about a young woman in high school who "aspires to be the next Cardi B." P-Valley creator and executive producer Katori Hall cited her an inspiration for the TV series, and credited her for "helping prepare the public" for its storyline. Several artists have cited Cardi B's work as an inspiration, including Rosalía, Olivia Rodrigo, Jazmine Sullivan, Selena Gomez, Blackpink, Spice, Greta Gerwig, Nathy Peluso, Rubi Rose, María Becerra, and Abigail Asante. Cardi B has been credited for supporting and uniting female rappers in the industry, with a writer from Uproxx considering her co-sign "the new Drake effect" for women in hip hop. Achievements Cardi B is the recipient of numerous accolades, including a Grammy Award, eight Billboard Music Awards , six Guinness World Records, six American Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, six BET Awards , and fourteen BET Hip Hop Awards. Invasion of Privacy—which made her the first female rapper to win the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album as a solo artist—became the first female rap album in fifteen years to be nominated for a Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Time included her on their annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2018. She received the ASCAP award for Songwriter of the Year in 2019, becoming the first female rapper to win the award. She received the honor for the second time in 2020, making her the first female songwriter to win the award twice. In 2020, Cardi B became the first female rapper to be named Woman of the Year at the Billboard Women in Music Awards. Cardi B is the female rapper with the most Billboard Hot 100 number one singles and the one with the most total weeks on the top position . "I Like It" became the first song led by a female rapper to surpass a billion streams on Spotify, making her the first woman in hip hop with multiple billion-streamers on the service, and the female rapper with the second-most, with a total of four so far. With the singles "Taki Taki" and "WAP" she became the only female rapper to top the global Spotify chart multiple times. Since August 2020, "WAP" holds the record of the biggest first-week streams for a song in the United States. Invasion of Privacy was the top female rap album of the 2010s, according to the Billboard 200 decade-end chart. It became the longest-charting album by a female rapper on the Billboard 200, and the most-streamed female rap album on Spotify. Cardi is the first female rapper with at least three Diamond-certified songs by the Recording Industry Association of America : "Bodak Yellow", which made her the first female rapper to have a song certified Diamond; "Girls Like You", which made her the only female rapper to achieve multiple Diamond-certified songs; and "I Like It", a tie for the second-most among women artists. Cardi B has topped twice Pitchfork's annual list of best songs of the year . Billboard staff and Rolling Stone ranked her debut album number 13 and 34 on their critics' lists of the best albums of the 2010s respectively, both the highest rank for a female rapper for the decade. Cardi B has become the highest-certified female rapper of all time on the RIAA's Top Artists ranking, with 58 million certified units, also being among the highest-certified female artists overall. In October 2022, five years after her major-label debut, she reached 100 million units sold in RIAA certifications, across her album, singles and guest appearances. In the US, Cardi has achieved three times the best-performing song of the year by a female artist—the first act to do so this century—in 2017, 2018, and 2020. As of 2021, "I Like It" is the most-streamed song by a female rapper in the United Kingdom. In August 2021, "Bodak Yellow" made Cardi B the first female rapper to have two videos on her YouTube channel with more than 1 billion views, joining "I Like It", and became the fastest solo female rap song to reach that mark on the platform. She has the most-viewed music videos on YouTube, both as a solo act and feature, among female rappers . As of September 2024, she has one music video with over 3 billion views ; one video with over 2 billion views ; and three videos with over a billion views ") on YouTube. Cardi is the only female rapper ranked on Billboard's Greatest Hot 100 Hits of All Time, with "Girls Like You" at number 30. Personal life Cardi B defined herself as a practicing Catholic. In 2016, Cardi B said that when working as a stripper, she used to drug and rob men for their money. Following controversies on the matter, sparked in 2019, she defended herself, saying, "whether or not they were poor choices at the time, I did what I had to do to survive." She explains: "I never glorified the things I brought up in that live [video], I never even put those things in my music because I'm not proud of it and feel a responsibility not to glorify it. I made the choices that I did at the time because I had very limited options." In 2024, Cardi B spoke on the matter again, saying she "doesn't feel bad" about drugging and robbing men regarding her past, and would have done it again. She identifies as bisexual. In connection with the Me Too movement, she has discussed being sexually assaulted in the past while working as a stripper. In a 2018 interview, Cardi B talked about being Afro-Latina and Afro-Caribbean:We are Caribbean people. [...] Some people want to decide if you're black or not, depending on your skin complexion, because they don't understand Caribbean people or our culture. [...] I don't got to tell you that I'm black. I expect you to know about it. When my father taught me about Caribbean countries, he told me that Europeans took over our lands. That's why we all speak different languages. [...] Just like everybody else, we came over here the same way. I hate when people try to take my roots from me. Because we know that there's African roots inside of us. In 2024 GloRilla stated that she and Cardi are relatives; GloRilla is Cardi's biological niece. Relationships In early 2017, Cardi B began dating fellow rapper Offset. They became engaged on October 27, 2017. On April 7, 2018, during her second performance on Saturday Night Live, Cardi B revealed her pregnancy; she was about six months pregnant at the time. On June 25, 2018, TMZ found a marriage license revealing Cardi B and Offset had actually secretly married in September 2017, one month before the public proposal. She later confirmed this in a social media post. Cardi B gave birth to her daughter on July 10, 2018. In December 2018, she announced on Instagram that she and Offset had separated, though the pair later reunited. In February 2019, the couple made a public appearance for the Grammys. He accompanied her onstage during her acceptance speech for Best Rap Album. In September 2020, it was reported that Cardi B had filed for divorce from Offset, but the following month it was revealed they were back together. In June 2021, Cardi B revealed she was pregnant with her second child, a boy. She gave birth to her son on September 4, 2021. On the fifth anniversary of her marriage, Cardi B announced she was planning her official wedding. In December 2023, Cardi shared via Instagram that she had been "single for a minute," confirming that she and Offset were no longer together. However, as of March 2024, the current status of their marriage became unclear as they were still working together, with Offset having directed a music video for Cardi B. In July 2024, Cardi officially filed for divorce from Offset. She announced her third pregnancy the day after. She gave birth to her third child, a daughter, on September 7, 2024. Legal issues On October 1, 2018, Cardi B was accused of an alleged assault of two female bartenders. The victims claimed that Cardi B and her entourage "threw bottles and alcohol at them." She denied involvement. She was charged with two misdemeanors: assault and reckless endangerment. Cardi B appeared in court for her arraignment on December 7, 2018, after she did not show up for the originally scheduled date due to a scheduling conflict, according to her attorney. On June 21, 2019, a jury indicted Cardi B on 14 charges, including two counts of felony assault with intent to cause serious physical injury, stemming from the incident. She was arraigned on June 25, 2019, and pleaded not guilty on all charges. On September 15, 2022, she pleaded guilty to third-degree assault and second-degree reckless endangerment, resulting in a sentence of 15 days of community service. On January 24, 2022, Cardi won a million-dollar defamation verdict against YouTuber Latasha Kebe for waging a "malicious campaign" to hurt her reputation by posting false rumors. She stated that the lies had led her to contemplate suicide in 2019. The jury issued a verdict that Cardi B had been defamed and awarded $1.25 million in damages. Further proceedings brought the total fine against Kebe to $3.82 million. On March 25, 2022, Cardi, her sister Hennessy, and Hennessy's girlfriend won a defamation lawsuit filed against them by three men over an incident at a Suffolk County beach. In July 2023, Cardi B threw her microphone into the crowd at a Las Vegas concert of hers after a fan threw a liquid at her. Subsequently, one fan attempted to press charges but the Clark County Police Department following an investigation decided not to move forward with a case. Controversies Cardi B sparked controversy after throwing one of her high heel shoes at and attempting to physically attack fellow rapper Nicki Minaj at a New York Fashion Week after-party in September 2018; bodyguards intervened before she could reach Minaj, leaving her a large bump on her forehead. Following the altercation, she alleged on Instagram that Minaj had previously "liked" social media comments that spoke negatively of Cardi B's ability to take care of her newborn daughter. Minaj denied the allegations on her Queen Radio show and expressed embarrassment at the fight. She accused Cardi B of building "her career off of sympathy and payola" and of bribing DJs and radio outlets with sex to play her records. Minaj also criticized Cardi B's rapping ability, saying, "Do you know what it's like to sit in your room for hours writing raps? You came into my fucking culture. I never had to fuck a DJ to play my songs." Minaj also called Cardi B a "disgusting pig" for allegedly cyberbullying a guest caller on Minaj's show and unearthed posts calling dark-skinned black women "cockroaches", which she had defended earlier by saying that it is a derogatory term in the Bronx used for anyone being disrespectful. Cardi B was on the cover of the 2019 spring fashion issue of Harper's Bazaar, which featured her in a Cinderella-themed photo shoot wearing a red gown and leaving a shoe behind. Some interpreted this as a reference to the incident. After the release of "Girls" in May 2018, a collaboration where she had a featured verse, Cardi B responded to accusations of the song trivializing LGBT relationships; she tweeted, "We never try to cause harm or had bad intentions with the song." She went on to add, "I personally myself had experiences with other women." Discography Invasion of Privacy Filmography Commercials

=== Carrie Underwood ===
Carrie Marie Underwood is an American singer and songwriter. She rose to prominence after winning the fourth season of American Idol in 2005, returning as a judge beginning with the twenty-third season. Underwood's single "Inside Your Heaven" made her the first country artist to debut atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart and the only solo country artist in the 2000s to have a number-one song on the Hot 100. Bolstered by further crossover singles "Jesus, Take the Wheel" and "Before He Cheats", her debut album, Some Hearts , became the best-selling debut album of all time by a solo female country artist, was ranked by Billboard the top country album of the 2000s, and earned Underwood three Grammy Awards, including Best New Artist. She followed it with Carnival Ride , which sold over half a million copies in its first week and won two Grammy Awards. Her third studio album, Play On , yielded the chart-topping single "Cowboy Casanova", which had one of the biggest single-week upward movements on the Hot 100. Underwood achieved the second best-selling release by a woman in 2012 and won a Grammy Award with her fourth album, Blown Away . Her compilation album, Greatest Hits: Decade #1 , broke multiple chart and sales records upon release, and spawned the Grammy-winning crossover single "Something in the Water". Her fifth studio album, Storyteller , made her the only country artist to have all first five studio albums reach either numbers one or two on the Billboard 200 chart. With her sixth album, Cry Pretty , she became the only woman to top the Billboard 200 with four country studio albums and had the biggest week for any album by a woman in 2018. In the 2020s, she has released her first Christmas album, My Gift , won the Grammy Award for Best Roots Gospel Album with her first gospel album, My Savior , and reinforced her country pop image with her 2022 studio album, Denim & Rhinestones. Underwood is one of the best-selling music artists of all-time, having sold over 85 million records worldwide. She is the highest-certified female country artist and one of the 15 highest-certified female artists of all time, also being the female artist with the most number-one singles on the US Country Airplay chart. Billboard ranked her the top female country artist of the 2000s and 2010s, while Pollstar ranked her amongst the 15 highest-grossing female touring artists of the past four decades. Her accolades include eight Grammy Awards, the most Billboard Music Awards , American Music Awards and Guinness World Records among female country artists, as well as inductions into the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the Grand Ole Opry. Rolling Stone applauded her as "the female vocalist of her generation in any genre", Time listed her as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2014 and Forbes declared her the most successful American Idol winner. Outside of music, Underwood has ventured into fashion and writing, releasing her fitness clothing line Calia by Carrie in 2015, and the New York Times best-selling fitness and lifestyle book Find Your Path in 2020. Early life Carrie Marie Underwood was born on March 10, 1983, in Muskogee, Oklahoma, to Carole and Steve Underwood. She has two older sisters, Shanna and Stephanie, and was raised on her parents' farm in the nearby rural town of Checotah. Her father worked in a paper mill while her mother taught elementary school. During her childhood, Underwood performed at Robbins Memorial Talent Show, and sang at her local church, First Free Will Baptist Church. She later sang for local events in Checotah, including Old Settler's Day and the Lions Club. A local admirer arranged for her to go to Nashville when she was 14 to audition for Capitol Records. In 1997, Capitol Records was preparing a contract for Underwood but canceled it when company management changed. Underwood said of the event, "I honestly think it's a lot better that nothing came out of it now, because I wouldn't have been ready then. Everything has a way of working out." While at Checotah High School, she was an Honor Society member, a cheerleader, and played basketball and softball. Underwood graduated from Checotah High School in 2001 as salutatorian. She did not initially pursue singing after graduation and once said "After high school, I pretty much gave up on the dream of singing. I had reached a point in my life where I had to be practical and prepare for my future in the 'real world'". She attended Northeastern State University in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, graduating magna cum laude, in 2006, with a bachelor's degree in mass communication and an emphasis in journalism. She spent part of one of her summers as a page for Oklahoma State Representative Bobby Frame. She also waited tables at a pizzeria, worked at a zoo, and worked at a veterinary clinic. Underwood is an alumna of the Alpha Iota chapter of Sigma Sigma Sigma sorority. For two summers, she performed in Northeastern State University's Downtown Country show in Tahlequah. She competed in numerous beauty pageants at the university and was selected as Miss NSU runner-up in 2004. Career 2004–2005: American Idol In mid-2004, Underwood auditioned for American Idol in St. Louis, Missouri, singing Bonnie Raitt's "I Can't Make You Love Me". After she sang "Could've Been" by Tiffany on the top 12 girls night, judge Simon Cowell commented that she would be one of the favorites to win the competition. During the top 11 finalists' performance on the March 22, 2005, Idol episode, Underwood sang a rendition of the number one 1980s rock hit "Alone", made famous by Heart, and Cowell correctly predicted that Underwood would not only win the competition, but she would also outsell all previous Idol winners. One of the show's producers later said she dominated the voting, winning every week by a large margin. On May 25, 2005, Underwood became the season four winner. Her winnings included a recording contract worth at least a million dollars, use of a private jet for a year, and a Ford Mustang convertible. 2005–2007: Some Hearts and breakthrough Underwood's music career began with the release of her first single, "Inside Your Heaven", on June 14, 2005. The song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, with Underwood becoming only the third artist to debut in the top slot since chart policy changed in 1998. She also broke Billboard chart history as the first country music artist ever to debut at number one on the Hot 100 and the song became the first song from a country artist to go to number one on the Hot 100 since country group Lonestar's "Amazed" did so in 2000. "Inside Your Heaven" is the only single by a solo country artist in the decade of 2000–2009 to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It also debuted at number one on the Billboard Pop 100 and on the Canadian Singles Chart, topping it for seven consecutive weeks, becoming the longest-running number one single of 2005 in Canada. It sold nearly one million copies and was certified gold by the RIAA and double platinum by the CRIA. Underwood's debut album, Some Hearts, was released on November 15, 2005, entering the Billboard charts with 315,000 copies sold, debuting at number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums and at number two on the Billboard 200. The large first week sales of Some Hearts made it the biggest debut of any country artist since the advent of the SoundScan system in 1991. Some Hearts became the best-selling album of 2006 in all genres in the United States. The album was also the best-selling country album of both 2006 and 2007, making Underwood the first female artist in Billboard history to earn back-to-back honors for Top Country Album. Additionally, it was the best-selling female country album of 2005, 2006, and 2007. Some Hearts has since become the fastest-selling debut country album in the history of the SoundScan era, the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history, the best-selling Country album of the last 14 years, and the best-selling album by an American Idol alumni in the US. The album is certified nine times platinum by the RIAA, the highest album certification of any country artist to emerge since 2000. The album's second single, "Jesus, Take the Wheel" was released to radio in October and later peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs, topping it for six consecutive weeks, and at number twenty on the Hot 100. The song sold over two million copies and was certified double Platinum by the RIAA. Underwood's third single, "Some Hearts", was also released in October, but exclusively to pop radio, peaking in the top thirty of the adult contemporary charts. "Don't Forget to Remember Me", her fourth single, also proved successful, reaching number two on the Hot Country Songs chart. Later that autumn, Underwood's third country single, "Before He Cheats", hit number one on Billboard's Hot Country Songs, staying there for five consecutive weeks. The song peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, achieving the slowest climb ever to the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100, breaking the record that was previously held by Creed from July 2000. In February 2008, when it was certified double Platinum, "Before He Cheats" became the first country song to ever be certified multi-platinum. It has now been certified five times Platinum, selling more than four million copies, and is the fourth best-selling country digital song of all time. On April 11, 2007, Underwood continued her streak of top Country singles with the release of "Wasted", which peaked at number one on the Hot Country Songs chart, sold more than one million copies and was certified Platinum by the RIAA. In August 2008, the "Jesus, Take the Wheel" ringtone was reported to have been certified Platinum, making Underwood the first country artist ever to have two songs hit Platinum Mastertone status together with "Before He Cheats", which had been certified earlier in 2007. Underwood started her first headlined tour, Carrie Underwood: Live 2006, with dates across North America, in April 2006. At the 2005 Billboard Music Awards, her hit song "Inside Your Heaven" won the coveted Top-Selling Hot 100 Song of the Year award and also Top-Selling Country Single of the Year award, and she won Country Single Sales Artist of the Year. At the 2006 Academy of Country Music Awards, she won Top New Female Vocalist and Single of the Year, for "Jesus, Take the Wheel". At the 2006 Country Music Association Awards, she won both the Horizon Award and Female Vocalist of the Year. At the 2006 CMT Awards, Underwood won both the Breakthrough Video of the Year and Female Video of the Year for "Jesus, Take The Wheel". She later won the Breakthrough Artist of the Year Award at the American Music Awards, and was also nominated for Favorite Female Country Artist. She won five awards at the 2006 Billboard Music Awards that December, including the coveted Album of the Year, Top 200 Female Artist of the Year, Female Country Artist, New Country Artist, and Country Album of the Year. That year, Underwood also won a Gospel Music Association Dove Award for Country Recorded Song of the Year, for "Jesus, Take The Wheel". At the Academy of Country Music Awards in 2007, Underwood won Album of the Year, Video of the Year, and Female Vocalist of the Year. She was nominated for "World's Best Selling New Artist" at the 2006 World Music Awards. At the 2007 CMT Awards in Nashville, Tennessee, on April 16, Underwood's "Before He Cheats" won three awards, including Video of the Year, Female Video of the Year, and Video Director of the Year. Underwood won two awards at the 2007 Country Music Association Awards: Female Vocalist of the Year, for the second consecutive time, and Single Record of the Year, for "Before He Cheats". In 2007, at the 49th Grammy Awards, Some Hearts received four Grammy nominations and Underwood won her first two Grammy Awards: Best New Artist and Best Female Country Vocal Performance for "Jesus, Take the Wheel. By winning the Best New Artist Grammy Award, Underwood became only the second country artist to ever win the award in the 56-year history of the Grammy Awards, following LeAnn Rimes . She sang the Eagles song "Life in the Fast Lane" alongside Grammy nominees Rascal Flatts. She also sang the Eagles' "Desperado" to honor Don Henley of The Eagles. She also paid tribute to Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys by performing "New San Antonio Rose". At the 50th Grammy Awards, in 2008, Underwood was nominated for two more Grammys: Best Female Country Vocal Performance, for "Before He Cheats" and Best Country Collaboration with Vocals, for "Oh, Love" a duet with Brad Paisley. She won one Grammy Award that night, for Best Female Country Vocal Performance, and performed "Before He Cheats" at the ceremony. In December 2005, Underwood was named Oklahoman of the Year by Oklahoma Today. In December 2006, Underwood joined Tony Bennett, Michael Bublé, and Josh Groban to sing "For Once in My Life" on The Oprah Winfrey Show. That same month, she paid tribute to Dolly Parton, by singing "Islands in the Stream" with Kenny Rogers at the Kennedy Center Honors, which honored Parton that year. Underwood performed with the USO Christmas Tour in Iraq during the 2006 Holiday season. Underwood also performed at the 2007 Idol Gives Back concert, singing "I'll Stand By You", a cover of The Pretenders hit. Her version of the song debuted at number six on Billboard's Hot 100 Songs. In 2007, Forbes reported that Underwood earned over $7 million between June 2006 and June 2007. Also in 2007, Victoria's Secret named Underwood the Sexiest Female Musician. 2007–2009: Carnival Ride and commercial success Underwood's second album, Carnival Ride, was released in October 2007. On Carnival Ride, Underwood was more involved in the songwriting process; she set up a writers' retreat at Nashville's Ryman Auditorium to collaborate with such Music Row tunesmiths as Hillary Lindsey, Craig Wiseman, Rivers Rutherford, and Gordie Sampson. Carnival Ride moved over 527,000 copies in its first week, debuting at number one on both the Billboard 200 and Top Country Albums, as well as number one on the Canadian Albums Chart, one of the biggest first-week sales by a female artist. Carnival Ride was certified double platinum in just two months after its release in December. The album is now certified four times Multi-Platinum by the RIAA. "So Small", the first single from the album, was released in July 2007 and reached number one on Billboard's Hot Country Songs, topping it for three consecutive weeks. "All-American Girl", the second single, also reached number one on the Hot Country Songs chart. The next single, "Last Name", reached number one on the Hot Country Song chart as well. This made Underwood the first female artist to have two consecutive albums each release three number ones on this chart since Shania Twain in 1998. "Just a Dream", the album's next single, was released in July 2008 and later peaked at number one on the Hot Country Songs chart, staying there for two consecutive weeks. With that, Underwood became the first solo female artist to pull four number one's from one album since Twain did it with The Woman in Me. The album's fifth single, "I Told You So", a duet with the original singer of the song, Randy Travis, was released in February 2009. It peaked at number two on the Country charts and number nine on the Billboard Hot 100. All singles from Carnival Ride were certified Platinum by the RIAA, for selling more than one million copies each. In January 2008, Underwood embarked on a joint tour with Keith Urban called the Love, Pain and the Whole Crazy Carnival Ride Tour, with dates fixed nationwide that continued through April. She then started her headlined tour, the Carnival Ride Tour, in February 2008, with dates across all North America, and ended it on December 14, 2008, playing to 1.2 million fans throughout the tour and being named the top-selling country female touring artist of 2008. At the end of 2007, Underwood topped five Billboard Year-End charts, including Billboard 200 Artist of the Year and also Country Artist of the Year. Also in late 2007, she won three American Music Awards: Artist of the Year, Favorite Female Country Artist, and Favorite Country Album, for Some Hearts. At the 2008 Academy of Country Music Awards, she won Female Vocalist of the Year, for the 2nd consecutive time. She received two nominations for the 2008 Country Music Association Awards. Underwood and Brad Paisley co-hosted the awards show for their first year as hosts, and she walked away with the Female Vocalist of the Year award for the third consecutive year. At the ceremony, Underwood performed "Just a Dream" and was introduced by Leslie Ponder, the wife of a veteran who had died. At the 2008 American Music Awards, Carnival Ride won the Favorite Country Album award, marking her second consecutive win in the category. In 2008, Underwood won her first international award, which was "Female Vocalist of the Year" at the European Country Music Association Awards. For the 44th Academy of Country Music Awards, in 2009, Underwood was nominated for four major awards. Underwood won for Female Vocalist of the Year and Entertainer of the Year, thus making her the first woman to win the award in ten years and the 7th female to take it in the award show's four-decade run. Underwood was nominated for Video of the Year at the 2009 CMT Awards for "Just A Dream". In 2009, at the 51st Grammy Awards, she won, for the third year in a row, the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance, for "Last Name", and performed the song at the ceremony. At the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010, Underwood won her fifth Grammy Award: she won the Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals for "I Told You So" with Randy Travis and was also nominated again for Best Female Country Vocal Performance, for "Just A Dream". At the ceremony, she performed with Celine Dion, Usher, Smokey Robinson, and Jennifer Hudson during the 3-D Michael Jackson tribute. Grammy Awards producer Ken Ehrlich stated that Michael Jackson greatly admired Underwood, which is why she was hand-picked to perform during his tribute. On March 15, 2008, Underwood was invited by Randy Travis to become a member of the Grand Ole Opry. On May 10, 2008, she was officially inducted by Garth Brooks into the Grand Ole Opry. A few months earlier, she sang Julie Andrews's classic, the title song from The Sound of Music, at the 2007 Movies Rock: A Celebration Of Music In Film. On October 22, 2008, Underwood unveiled her wax figure at Madame Tussauds New York. In 2008, it was reported by Forbes that Underwood earned over $9 million between June 2007 and June 2008, being number 79 on the Top Celebrity 100 list. In 2009, Forbes reported that Underwood was the top earning American Idol alumnus from June 2008 to May 17, 2009. She earned more than twice as much as the second-place finisher, with estimated earnings of $14 million during this time period. She appeared on the holiday CD Hear Something Country Christmas 2007 with a rendition of "Do You Hear What I Hear?". The song reached number two on the AC Chart and remained there for three consecutive weeks. She recorded the song "Ever Ever After" for the soundtrack of the 2007 Walt Disney film Enchanted. Underwood co-wrote a song for Idol alum Kristy Lee Cook's major-label debut album Why Wait. At the 2008 Idol Gives Back, she sang George Michael's classic "Praying For Time" and later recorded it. In November 2008, Underwood recorded a virtual and posthumous duet with Elvis Presley, on his classic "I'll Be Home for Christmas", for his 2008 album Christmas Duets. Presley's ex-wife, Priscilla Presley, herself asked Underwood to do the duet: "Priscilla wanted me to do 'I'll Be Home for Christmas' ", she says. "I couldn't say 'no'." In March 2009, she tracked a cover of Mötley Crüe's ballad "Home Sweet Home" for the American Idol season eight farewell theme. 2009–2012: Play On and collaborations Underwood released her third studio album, Play On, on November 3, 2009. The album debuted atop both the Billboard 200 and Top Country Albums, selling over 318,000 copies in its first week, and became, upon its release, the top-selling release of the year by a female artist, but was later overtaken by Susan Boyle's I Dreamed a Dream and finished the year as number two. Underwood wrote a song with pop/R&B singer-songwriter Ne-Yo for the album, the song, however, did not make the final tracklist. The first single from the album, "Cowboy Casanova", co-written by Underwood, Brett James and hip hop producer Mike Elizondo, was released in September 2009. It was a huge success, jumping from number 96 to number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 in its second week, one of the biggest single-week upwards on the chart of all time. It later peaked at number one on the Hot Country Songs chart in just ten weeks, the year's fastest chart-topper by a country female and the fastest number one of her career at that time . "Cowboy Casanova" has sold over 2 million copies, being certified double Platinum. The album's second single, "Temporary Home" hit number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and the RIAA certified it Platinum. "Undo It", Underwood's third single from Play On, was released to radio in May. It was later certified Platinum and hit number one on the Hot Country Songs chart, giving Underwood her tenth number-one single on the Hot Country Songs. The fourth single from Play On, "Mama's Song", was released to country radio in September, peaking at number two on the Hot Country Songs and being certified Gold by the RIAA. The album is certified Triple Platinum. Underwood's Play On Tour started its first leg on March 11, 2010, in Reading, Pennsylvania. The second leg of the tour started on September 25, 2010, in Portland, Oregon, and ended January 1, 2011, in Detroit. Underwood sold out the prestigious Hollywood Bowl on October 2, 2010. In December 2010, Pollstar.com ranked the Play On Tour one of the Top 50 tours of 2010, at number one on the North American ranking, and number 31 worldwide. Billboard also ranked Underwood's tour at number 24 for all worldwide tours of 2010. On January 4, 2011, official statistics revealed that Underwood played to over 1 million fans throughout the tour, resulting in her being named again as the top-ranked female country touring artist of the year. At the 2009 CMA Awards, she received two nominations and co-hosted the ceremony with Brad Paisley for their second consecutive year. Underwood was nominated for six Academy of Country Music Awards. At the show's ceremony in April 2010, Underwood was named Entertainer of the Year, making her the first woman to win this award twice. Host Reba McEntire presented Underwood with the "ACM Triple Crown Award" signifying her winning Top New Artist, Top Female Vocalist, and Entertainer of the Year during her career. She was only the second female to win the coveted "Triple Crown Award", the first being Barbara Mandrell. At the CMT Music Awards, Underwood walked away with Video of the Year for "Cowboy Casanova" and also won CMT Performance of the Year for "Temporary Home" from CMT: Invitation Only presents Carrie Underwood. Underwood won two international awards at the 8th French Country Music Awards, which were Best Female Vocalist and Video of the Year, for "Cowboy Casanova". At the 2010 American Music Awards, she won "Favorite Country Album", for "Play On", making her the only artist in the American Music Award history to have all albums awarded in the category. She co-hosted the 2010 CMA Awards with Brad Paisley for the third year in a row. At the 2011 Grammy Awards, Underwood was nominated for 'Best Female Country Vocal Performance' for "Temporary Home". Underwood was honored by the CMT Artists of the Year special as one of the 5 top Artists of the year in 2010 in country music. The event aired on CMT on December 3, 2010. At the 2011 Academy of Country Music Awards, Underwood sang with Steven Tyler both her song "Undo It" and Aerosmith's "Walk This Way". In May 2011, Underwood was one of the seven women to be honored by the Academy of Country Music at the Girls' Night Out: Superstar Women of Country special. She was recognized for being the first and only female artist in the academy's history to ever win Entertainer of the Year twice. At the ceremony, Vince Gill introduced Underwood and presented her with the special award. He sang one of her hits, "Jesus, Take The Wheel", and joined Underwood on a rendition performance of "How Great Thou Art". The video of the performance turned into a viral sensation, reaching 3 million views on YouTube within two days. In December 2009, Some Hearts was named the number-one Country Album of the 2000 Decade by Billboard and Underwood was the top-ranked female artist on Billboard's Best Country Artists of the 2000 Decade list. Overall, she was ranked number 50 on the Artists of the Decade list by Billboard. Also in late 2009, Underwood had her very own CMT Invitation Only and also hosted a Christmas special, Carrie Underwood: An All-Star Holiday Special, a two-hour variety show on Fox that featured Dolly Parton season seven American Idol champion David Cook, Kristin Chenoweth, Brad Paisley and others. In May 2010, Underwood was selected on People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful People List for 2010. This was the 4th year in a row that she was selected for the list. Also in May, Victoria's Secret named her legs the Sexiest Legs in Hollywood. In June 2011, Rolling Stone magazine ranked Underwood as the number 11 Queen of Pop, based on a lot of criteria from 2009 until 2011. Underwood co-wrote and recorded a song titled "There's a Place for Us", the lead single from The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Underwood and songwriters, David Hodges and Hillary Lindsey, received a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. It was during this writing session that the trio also wrote "See You Again" for the movie; however, the song was not included in the film and Underwood kept it and pushed for its inclusion on her fourth album in 2012. In March 2011, Underwood sang John Lennon's "Instant Karma!" at the NBC's special All Together Now – A Celebration of Service, which honored former President George H. W. Bush. At the season ten finale of American Idol, Underwood selected a song for contestant Lauren Alaina to sing. Underwood is featured on "Remind Me", a duet with Brad Paisley that reached number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs, giving Underwood her eleventh number-one single on such chart and fourteenth overall. She has also a duet with Tony Bennett on his 2011 album Duets II and another duet with Randy Travis on his 2011 Anniversary Celebration album. Underwood was one of the headliners of the iHeartRadio Music Festival. The event took place on September 23 and 24, 2011. On September 19, Underwood performed "You Really Got a Hold on Me" in tribute to Smokey Robinson, as he was presented with the Ella Award at the Society of Singers annual dinner. Robinson returned the favor to Underwood by singing "My Girl" to her. At the same event, they sang together with Stevie Wonder, Natalie Cole and other artists a medley of multiple songs. In 2010, Underwood was reported by Forbes to have earned over $13 million from May 2009 to May 2010, being the top-earning Idol. In July 2011, Forbes reported that Underwood earned over $20 million between May 2010 and May 2011, being the top-earning American Idol alumnus for the fourth consecutive year. She earned $5 million between 2011 and 2012. On February 4, 2012, Underwood joined Steven Tyler to record CMT's Crossroads at the Pepsi Coliseum during the Pepsi Super Bowl Fan Jam of Super Bowl XLVI. It was the highest-rated episode in seven years. On February 12, 2012, Underwood and Tony Bennett performed their duet "It Had to Be You" at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards. They also sang the song on the season two premiere of Blue Bloods in September 2011. 2012–2013: Blown Away and global tour Blown Away, Underwood's fourth album, was released on May 1, 2012. Underwood has said that this album features songs with a "darker storyline". "Blown Away" debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, the Country Albums Chart and the Digital Albums chart in the US, selling more than 267,000 in its first week. The first single, "Good Girl", was released on February 23, 2012. It was officially released to Country radio on February 27, 2012. The music video for "Good Girl" premiered on Entertainment Tonight and on VEVO on March 12, 2012. The song peaked at number one on the Hot Country Songs chart, giving Underwood her twelfth number-one on the chart, and was certified Double Platinum and has sold over two million copies. The song "Blown Away" was released as the second single from the album on July 9, 2012. It was a massive success, selling over 2 million copies, being certified Triple Platinum, reaching the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100, the number-one spot on the Billboard Country Airplay and the Top 2 of the Top Country Songs, where it became Underwood's 16th top ten hit on Hot Country Songs chart, a record among women in the tally's 68-year history. The album was the 7th best-selling album of 2012, the second best-selling country album of the year and the second best-selling release by a female artist in 2012. It has been certified Double Platinum by the RIAA and sold over 1.7 million copies in the United States alone. Underwood had her very own VH1 Unplugged and VH1 Behind The Music episodes, which premiered October 2, 2012. For the episode, Underwood included a cover of the Coldplay song "Fix You". "Two Black Cadillacs", the third single from the album, was released on November 26. It became Underwood's 17th top ten hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs, extending her own record, later peaking at number two on Billboard's Country Airplay chart and was certified Platinum. In March 2013, "See You Again" was released as the album's fourth single; it has peaked at number 2 on Country Airplay chart and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA. At the 2012 CMT Music Awards, Underwood won the awards for Video of the Year, for "Good Girl", and Collaborative Video of the Year, for "Remind Me", her duet with Brad Paisley. She also performed "Good Girl" at the ceremony. At the 2012 American Music Awards, she won the award for Favorite Album – Country, for Blown Away, and performed "Two Black Cadillacs". In early 2013, Underwood won the prize for Top Selling International Album of the Year at the 41st Country Music Awards of Australia. Also in February 2013, Underwood won her sixth Grammy Award, for Best Country Solo Performance, for "Blown Away". She performed a medley of "Blown Away" and "Two Black Cadillacs" at the awards show ceremony featuring an LED-powered dress. On February 13, Underwood received two nominations for the Academy of Country Music Awards. She won International Album of the Year at the 2013 British Country Music Awards. At the 2013 CMT Music Awards, Underwood won her 10th award, becoming the most awarded artist ever in CMT Music Awards history. She won Video of the Year for "Blown Away" for the fourth time, which also makes her the artist with the most wins ever in the category. During the ceremony, she paid tribute to tornado victims in Oklahoma, by performing "See You Again" backed by a choir from Nashville's Christ Church. The first leg of the Blown Away Tour started at the Royal Albert Hall in London on June 21, 2012, which sold out in 90 minutes, and five shows in Australia, including a sold-out date at the Sydney Opera House, on July 2. The first leg of the Blown Away Tour made Underwood the best-selling female country touring artist of 2012, grossing over $29.2 million and bringing her career tour revenues to over $95 million. The tour had its own exhibition at the Country Music Hall of Fame, called "Carrie Underwood: The Blown Away Tour Exhibition", which ran from June 5 through November 10, 2013. The second leg of the tour started in February 2013, with shows in Ireland, an additional show in England, as part of the C2C: Country to Country festival, and several shows in North America. All dates of the second leg of the Blown Away Tour were sold out, breaking records. Underwood wrapped the Blown Away Tour in late May 2013, playing to one million fans across three continents and six countries. Her three headline arena tours have played to over 3.2 million fans combined. Underwood released The Blown Away Tour: LIVE, a DVD with nearly 100 minutes of performance footage, behind-the-scene looks, interviews, and music videos from the album Blown Away. The DVD was released on August 13, 2013, and is Underwood's first official DVD concert. On February 22, 2013, Billboard ranked Underwood as the 16th money maker for the period from February 2012 to February 2013. She earned close to $12 million, being American Idol's Top Earner and second for female country artists. In June 2013, Forbes placed Underwood at number 46 on The Celebrity 100 list, reporting that she earned more than $31 million between June 2012 and June 2013, being the top-earning American Idol, and also being one of the ten highest-paid women in music of 2013. On January 21, 2013, "Can't Stop Lovin' You", a song by rock band Aerosmith with featured vocals by Underwood, was released as a single. On May 25, Underwood joined the Rolling Stones onstage during the stop of the band's 50 and Counting Tour in Toronto, Canada. They performed "It's Only Rock 'n Roll ". On September 22, 2013, at the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards, she was part of the Emmy Awards' special tribute honoring the 50th Anniversary of 1963 Television Milestones, which includes the assassination coverage of President John F. Kennedy and The Beatles' first US appearance. She performed one of The Beatles' iconic songs, "Yesterday". 2014–2015: Greatest Hits: Decade #1 Underwood confirmed that she began planning a new album in August 2013 and would start prep work sometime in 2014. Underwood told Billboard, "After The Sound of Music, I feel like I can really buckle down and start working on the next album." Underwood also stated she has been planning another tour, which might be toned down from her earlier ones, stating, "I haven't thought about it much because I don't know what the next album is going to sound like, but I like just standing there and singing, too. I may take a different approach, a more simple approach on the next one. I loved the energy that rock concerts had", Underwood told Billboard. Underwood was featured on "Somethin' Bad" from Miranda Lambert's album Platinum. Released as a single, "Somethin' Bad" reached number one on the Hot Country Songs chart, becoming Underwood's 13th number-one on the chart. The same week, the song vaulted to number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100. In early 2014, she performed on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony, paying tribute to Linda Ronstadt. Her performances were highly acclaimed by critics and even by Stevie Nicks, who performed with Underwood. In September, Underwood headlined the 2014 Global Citizen Festival, alongside Jay-Z, No Doubt and other music acts. Her cover of R.E.M.'s "Everybody Hurts" during her performance was highly praised. She headlined the 2014 Concert for Valor in November, alongside Eminem, Metallica, Foo Fighters, and other music acts, where she was backed by the Singing Sergeants of the US Air Force during the performance of "Something in the Water". Underwood was asked by Bono himself to front U2's World AIDS Day Concert, alongside U2, Bruce Springsteen, Coldplay's Chris Martin, and Kanye West, on December 1, 2014. She was joined on stage by U2 guitarist The Edge during a performance of her song "Change", which received acclaim. The Academy of Country Music awarded Underwood the Gene Weed Special Achievement Award, for her widespread exposure through NFL Sunday Night Football, the live NBC broadcast of The Sound of Music Live!, her worldwide Blown Away Tour and her charity work with the American Red Cross and her C.A.T.S. Foundation. At the 2014 Billboard Music Awards, Underwood won the Milestone Award, for which she had been nominated due to her chart success, especially her record of having the best starting run ever by a woman on the Country Airplay chart . Time listed Underwood as one of the 100 most influential people in the world, placing her in the "Icons" category. She won the award for Favorite Female Country Artist at the American Music Awards, marking her eighth career AMA. She was named 2014's top female Christian artist by Billboard. In 2015 at the 57th Grammy Awards, Underwood won Best Country Solo Performance for "Something in the Water", marking her seventh career Grammy Award. At the 2015 Billboard Music Awards, she won the award for Top Christian Song for "Something in the Water". At the 2015 CMT Music Awards, Underwood won three awards, including Video of the Year for "Something in the Water". She won her ninth American Music Award in 2015, winning Favorite Female Country Artist. Underwood's first greatest hits compilation, Greatest Hits: Decade#1, was released on December 9. The album's lead single, "Something in the Water", became a crossover success. It reached number one on the Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her fourteenth number-one hit on that chart and her second in 2014. With fourteen number ones, she holds the record as the female country artist with the most number-one hits on the Hot Country Songs chart in the Nielsen SoundScan era in the Guinness Book. The song topped the Hot Christian Songs chart and has held the top spot for multiple consecutive weeks. It debuted at number 24 on the Hot 100 chart as well. The song set and broke multiple airplay records on Country radio in its first week. In February 2015, "Little Toy Guns" was released as the second single from the compilation. The track peaked at number six on Billboard's Hot Country Songs, number two on the Country Airplay Chart and number 47 on the Hot 100. The song was nominated for Best Country Solo Performance at the 58th Grammy Awards. The compilation debuted with the biggest sales debut for a hits collection in any genre of music in more than six years and the biggest first-week sales for a female hits album in any genre in over nine years. She earned $10 million between 2013 and 2014, topping Forbes' list of the top-earning American Idols, and $8 million between 2014 and 2015. 2015–2017: Storyteller, label change, and injury Underwood returned to the studio to finish her fifth studio album in the spring of 2015. Storyteller was released on October 23, 2015, and the lead single, "Smoke Break" was released to radio in August. Storyteller debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, making Underwood the first country artist to have their first five studio albums debut at numbers one or two on the Billboard 200. In addition, the album debuted at number one on the Top Country Albums chart, earning Underwood another record as the first artist to score six consecutive number-one albums on that chart. Storyteller has since been certified Platinum by the RIAA. The album's second single, "Heartbeat", became Underwood's 14th leader on the Country Airplay while the album's third single, "Church Bells", became her 15th career number one on the Country Airplay chart, both extending her record for the most number one's among women in the history of the chart. Underwood became the first female artist to score two number one hits on the Country Airplay chart in 2016. A fourth single, "Dirty Laundry", was released from the album in August 2016, eventually peaking at number two on the Billboard Country Airplay. Billboard ranked Underwood as the top female country artist for the year, and fifth overall. Underwood launched the Storyteller Tour, her fifth headlining tour, in January 2016, with a second half picking up in August. The tour played to over 1 million fans, completing 92 shows across 7 countries while being named by Billboard the top country tour for the first half of the year. She earned $26 million between 2015 and 2016, ranking among Forbes' list of highest-paid country music acts, and $20 million between 2016 and 2017, ranking on Billboard's Top 50 Money Makers list. In June 2016, Underwood received three nominations from the CMT Music Awards, taking home two honors for "Smoke Break", expanding her CMT Music Award total to 15—the most among all acts. She was named Female Vocalist of the Year by the American Country Countdown Awards in 2016, and also received the CMA Chairman's Award. In July, she picked up her fifth Teen Choice Award, for Choice Country Artist. Underwood also received two nominations from the Billboard Music Awards, including Top Country Artist. In September 2016, Underwood was the first artist to receive the ACM Lifting Lives Gary Haber Award, for her continuous work with charities. On October 20, 2016, Underwood was honored as one of CMT Artists of the Year, marking her third year to receive the award. Underwood received four nominations for the 50th Annual Country Music Association Awards, including her first nomination for Entertainer of the Year. She walked away with Female Vocalist of the Year, her fourth time to win the award. She further received three nominations for the 2016 American Music Awards, including the top prize for Artist of the Year. She won Favorite Female Country Artist for the fourth time and Favorite Country Album for the fifth time, expanding her record as the only artist to win the award for all albums released. Underwood was one of 30 artists to perform on "Forever Country", a mash-up track of "Take Me Home, Country Roads", "On the Road Again", and "I Will Always Love You" celebrating 50 years of the CMA Awards. The single debuted at number one on Billboard's Hot Country Songs. In December 2016, she joined Keith Urban for a series of concerts in Australia and New Zealand. In January 2017, she received her ninth People's Choice award, winning Favorite Female Country Artist. Underwood received one nomination – Best Country Solo Performance – for her single "Church Bells" for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards. She and Keith Urban performed their new single, "The Fighter", at the Grammy ceremony. Their joint single peaked in the top two of the Hot Country Songs and top twenty of the adult contemporary chart and was certified platinum by the RIAA. She received two nominations for the 52nd annual Academy of Country Music Awards, including Entertainer of the Year. She scored three more nominations for the 2017 CMT Music Awards in June, including Video of the Year for "Church Bells". She won Female Video of the year, extending her record for most wins in the show's history. Underwood scored two nominations for the 2017 Teen Choice awards, including Choice Country Artist, which she won for a third consecutive year. She received one nomination from the 45th annual American Music Awards in the Favorite Female Artist – Country category, which she won for the fourth year in a row, bringing her total to twelve American Music awards. In January 2017, Underwood took time off at the beginning of the year to spend time with family, and would then, possibly, begin to write for her next album. In March 2017, Underwood signed with Universal Music Group's Capitol Records Nashville after being with Arista Nashville for nearly twelve years. Madame Tussauds unveiled a new figure of Underwood when the Nashville location opened in April 2017. Matthew West collaborated with Underwood, who performed background vocals on the song "Something Greater" from his album, All In . Underwood and Brad Paisley hosted the CMA Awards in November, marking their 10th consecutive year as hosts. Underwood again received a nomination in the Female Vocalist category, her twelfth nomination to date. She performed "Softly and Tenderly" as part of a tribute to the victims of the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival shooting, and the performance received widespread acclaim. Underwood released her second concert experience, The Storyteller Tour: Live from Madison Square Garden, on November 17. A few days after the 51st Annual Country Music Association Awards, Underwood sustained injuries in a fall at home that resulted in a broken wrist and several facial stitches. Underwood did not make any public appearances for several months following the incident. 2018–2019: Cry Pretty In January 2018, Underwood released "The Champion", a promotional duet single featuring Ludacris for Super Bowl LII. "The Champion" is Underwood's first under the pop genre. The song debuted at number 47 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, powered by its launch at number three on the Digital Song Sales chart with 61,000 downloads. Underwood met songwriter/producer David Garcia in 2017, with whom she began co-producing her new album. Underwood returned to the stage for the first time since her accident and debuted her new single "Cry Pretty" at the 53rd Annual ACM Awards on April 15, where she received two nominations; she won the award for Vocal Event of the Year for "The Fighter" with Keith Urban. On May 11, she celebrated a decade of being an Opry member. On May 13, Underwood returned to American Idol, now rebooted on ABC, to mentor the top five of the season sixteen contestants. She performed "Cry Pretty", in addition to "See You Again" with the remaining top five contestants. On May 8, Underwood received four nominations and one win for the 2018 CMT Music Awards. She performed "Cry Pretty" at the ceremony in June and expanded her record as the artist with the most wins in the show's history. She received a nomination for Choice Country Artist and "Cry Pretty" received a nomination for Choice Country Song for the Teen Choice awards, winning Choice Country Artist and expanding her record for most wins in the category. On June 22, Underwood was honored with the Hero award from the Radio Disney Music Awards, in recognition of her humanitarian efforts. She and Ludacris performed "The Champion" together at the awards ceremony. Her sixth studio album, Cry Pretty, was released on September 14, 2018. The same week, the album's second single was confirmed to be "Love Wins", with the music video debuting on September 11. Cry Pretty debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, setting several records upon arrival. Underwood is the first woman to hit the top of the Billboard 200 chart with four country albums. Cry Pretty's debut frame of 266,000 units is the biggest week for any album by a woman and a country album in 2018. This was Underwood's seventh consecutive album to debut at number one on the Top Country Albums chart. Cry Pretty's debut week also marked the most first week streams by any female in country music at that time. The album finished 2018 as the best-selling solo female album and the seventh best-selling album overall, with over 401,000 copies sold. In February 2020, the album was certified Platinum. Underwood performed "Spinning Bottles", a song from the album, at the 46th annual American Music Awards on October 9, also winning one award for Favorite Female Country Artist. Brad Paisley and Underwood hosted the 52nd Annual Country Music Association Awards on November 14, 2018, where she picked up her fifth win as the CMA's Female Vocalist of the Year. The same month, Underwood announced she would kick off the Cry Pretty Tour 360 in May 2019. As well as five other dates in United Kingdom arenas, it was announced that the leg of the tour would include a performance at the Glastonbury Festival. Underwood received one nomination – Female Artist of the Year – for the 54th Academy of Country Music Awards taking place April 7. She performed with Chrissy Metz, Lauren Alaina, Mickey Guyton, and Maddie & Tae. She gave the debut performance of "Southbound", the official third single from the Cry Pretty album, during the show. Underwood further received two more nominations for the Billboard Music Awards, including Top Country Album for Cry Pretty and Top Female Country Artist, winning the latter, bringing her total career wins to 11. For the 2019 CMT Music Awards, Underwood's video for "Cry Pretty" received a nomination for Video of the Year and "Love Wins" received a nomination for Female Video of the Year, with the awards airing live June 5. Underwood performed "Southbound" at Centennial Park during the show's broadcast; the performance was free and open to the public. "Cry Pretty" won Video of the Year and "Love Wins" won Female Video, extending Underwood's lead as the most awarded artist in the show's history, and giving her a total of 20 CMT awards. On June 8, the official music video for "Southbound" premiered on Underwood's YouTube channel. On May 19, 2019, she returned to American Idol to perform "Southbound" during the season's finale episode. On June 7, Underwood headlined the second day of CMA Music Fest in Nashville, where Joan Jett made a surprise appearance on stage. In July 2019, she performed at the Glastonbury Festival, as part of her Cry Pretty 360 Tour. Underwood co-hosted the 53rd Annual Country Music Association Awards for her twelfth year, this time with Dolly Parton and Reba McEntire. She received her second nomination for Entertainer of the Year and debuted "Drinking Alone", the final single from the Cry Pretty album. Following the ceremony, Underwood announced she would be stepping down as co-host for the awards. On November 24, Underwood picked up two more American Music Awards, extending her record as the most-awarded artist in the Favorite Album – Country category with Cry Pretty. In December 2019, Underwood was one of several artists who attended the Kennedy Center Honors; she paid tribute to recipient Linda Ronstadt by performing two of her songs. 2020–2021: Find Your Path, My Gift, and My Savior Underwood released her debut book, Find Your Path, on March 3, 2020, went on a book tour, and appeared on television shows, including Rachael Ray. She received two nominations for the 55th Academy of Country Music Awards; Entertainer of the Year and Female Artist of the Year. She later won the award for Entertainer of the Year; the win made her the most-awarded woman in that category. Underwood tied with Thomas Rhett, making it the first time in history two artists would share the award. For the 54th Annual Country Music Association Awards, Underwood received two nominations, including Entertainer of the Year, her third year being nominated in the category. Underwood extended her own record for most wins in CMT Music Awards history; the video for "Drinking Alone" earned two awards including Video of the Year when the ceremony aired live on October 21. In August 2020, Underwood hosted her own Apple Radio Show, entitled XO Radio. Her first Christmas album, My Gift, was released on September 25, 2020. It was her record-setting eighth consecutive career-opening number-one album on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, also debuting at number-one on the Top Christian Albums and Top Holiday Albums, and at number eight on the Billboard 200. The album later peaked at number five on the Billboard 200. On December 3, 2020, Underwood starred in and executive produced a holiday special airing on HBO Max, performing all of the songs from My Gift. The album earned Underwood two number one songs atop the Hot Christian Songs chart and was the top-selling new Christmas album of the year. On September 24, 2021, a special edition of the album was released, containing three additional tracks, including a version of "Favorite Time of Year". On March 26, Underwood released My Savior, a gospel cover album.My Savior debuted at number one on both of Billboard's Top Country Albums and Top Christian Albums charts, and number four on the Billboard 200, marking her record-setting ninth consecutive number one. Underwood performed a virtual concert on Easter Sunday from the Ryman Auditorium, with over $100,000 raised for the charity Save the Children. In December 2020, Spanish singer David Bisbal released his duet with Underwood, "Tears of Gold", featuring a music video that was filmed in Los Angeles. At the Latin American Music Awards of 2021 on April 15, Underwood joined Bisbal for the debut televised performance of the song in Sunrise, Florida; the pair were nominated for Favorite Video of the Year. At the 56th Academy of Country Music Awards, Underwood received one nomination for Video of the Year, "Hallelujah" featuring John Legend; she performed a medley of songs from My Savior, with a guest appearance by CeCe Winans. The video for "Hallelujah" also received two nominations and one win at the 2021 CMT Music Awards. Underwood received four nominations at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards, and one win, Top Christian Album, for My Gift. Needtobreathe released "I Wanna Remember", a duet track with Underwood, and its music video in May. They gave the debut performance of the song at the CMT Music Awards in June. Underwood's Las Vegas residency, Reflection, launched in December 2021, in collaboration with Resorts World Las Vegas. Due to high demand, Underwood added six more shows, extending the residency through April 2022. Underwood collaborated with Dan + Shay on a cover of "Only Us" for the soundtrack album of the 2021 film adaptation of Dear Evan Hansen that was released as a single on September 3, 2021. She also appeared on the duet single "If I Didn't Love You", with Jason Aldean, the third collaboration of the year for Underwood. The single spent two weeks at number one atop the Billboard's Country Airplay chart. The pair debuted the live televised performance of the song at the 55th Annual Country Music Association Awards, where Underwood received a nomination for Entertainer of the Year. On November 21, Underwood scored two more wins at the American Music Awards of 2021, making her one of the most-awarded artists in the show's history. She and Aldean again performed their duet at the ceremony. In July, Underwood was the closing headliner at Nashville's CMA Summer Jam, which included a performance with Dwight Yoakam, with the event airing in September in place of the canceled CMA Music Fest. In November, Underwood released "Stretchy Pants", a comedic holiday single benefitting the Nashville-based organization, The Store, which provides free shopping for qualifying families. She was a headliner for CMA Country Christmas airing on November 29. On November 25, she performed "Favorite Time of Year" live from Nashville, Tennessee, as part of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. On December 1, Underwood was one of several performers for the annual Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree lighting ceremony. She performed two songs, including "Let There Be Peace" from the My Gift album. Underwood received two Grammy nominations for the 64th Annual Grammy Awards, winning one for Best Gospel Album for My Savior when they aired in April 2022. On March 7, Underwood won one ACM award, Single of the Year, for her collaboration with Jason Aldean, "If I Didn't Love You", also joining him to perform the song. 2022–present: Denim & Rhinestones On March 18, 2022, Underwood released the single, "Ghost Story"; the song served as lead single from Underwood's ninth studio album, Denim & Rhinestones, which was released on June 10, 2022. The single peaked within the top ten on the Country Airplay. On April 3, 2022, Underwood won the Grammy Award for Best Roots Gospel Album. When speaking to the press a tearful Underwood expressed "I feel it's one of the most important bodies of work I've wanted to do literally my whole career, and I got to." She gave the debut performance of "Ghost Story" at the ceremony. At the 2022 CMT Music Awards, Underwood won in two categories, including Video of the Year, for "If I Didn't Love You" with Jason Aldean, continuing her run as the most-awarded artist in the show's history. She also gave the second live performance of "Ghost Story", while being suspended several feet above the stage. On April 30, Underwood headlined at Stagecoach Festival and performed with Axl Rose. She went on Denim & Rhinestones Tour with opening guest Jimmie Allen. Underwood was scheduled to perform on the twentieth season finale of American Idol on May 22; however, she was forced to cancel the appearance due to COVID-19 exposure within the band. On June 11, she headlined for day three of CMA Music Fest. Denim & Rhinestones opened at number ten on Billboard's Top Album Sales chart, moving 31,000 units and marking Underwood's tenth consecutive top ten album. It debuted at number two on Billboard's Top Country Albums, marking ten top three albums from her career. At the end of June, Underwood made a surprise appearance at a Guns N' Roses concert in London, where she had been promoting her album. On July 15, Apple Music released a Sessions EP featuring Underwood performing three songs, including "Ghost Story", "Blown Away" and "Mama, I'm Coming Home"; Underwood stated, "I have always been an Ozzy Osbourne fan and 'Mama, I'm Coming Home' is one of my all-time favorite songs." On July 30, Underwood took part in a tribute show for Barbara Mandrell, performing "I Was Country When Country Wasn't Cool". Underwood received three nominations for the Country Music Association Awards, including Entertainer of the Year, airing November 9, 2022. On September 16, Underwood joined several artists to honor Vince Gill for a CMT Giants 90 minute special. The second single from the album, "Hate My Heart", was released to radio on October 31. The music video premiered November 2. She received two nominations for the American Music Awards of 2022, that aired on November 20. She won the award for The Country Artist at the 48th People's Choice Awards, which aired December 6. On March 10, 2023, Underwood released a new single, "Out of That Truck". The single was sent to country radio in June. Underwood received two nominations and was announced to perform for the CMT Music Awards, airing April 2. When Guns N' Roses announced their 2023 North American tour, Underwood was announced as the opening act for three dates, including one show in Nashville. On June 7, Underwood shared a snippet of a new song, "Take Me Out", included on the deluxe edition of the Denim & Rhinestones album, which was released in September. On June 9, Underwood launched her own Sirius XM channel, Carrie's Country, which features multiple genres, including classic rock and the latest in country, as well as personal insight from Underwood on her career. She added 18 more dates for her Vegas residency, Reflection, through August 2024. In July 2024, it was announced she had extended her residency, and would replace Katy Perry as judge on American Idol in 2025, respectively. On August 2, Underwood released a duet with American rock band Papa Roach on a song titled "Leave a Light On " that was originally featured on their album Ego Trip. The charity single was released in collaboration with the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention for suicide awareness. Underwood was featured on the duet "I'm Gonna Love You" with Cody Johnson, released to country radio in September 2024. The single opened at number one on Billboard's Digital Songs sales chart and peaked within the top ten of both Billboard’s Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs. In January 2025, Underwood performed "America the Beautiful" at the second inauguration of U.S. President Donald Trump. She performed a capella, following complications with the planned musical accompaniment. ABC News affiliate KABC-TV called the performance a "unifying moment". Following "intense backlash" from fans and mixed reaction from media, Underwood called her decision to perform at the inauguration an answer to a call "at a time when we must all come together in the spirit of unity and looking to the future." Artistry Voice Underwood has been highly acclaimed for her vocals. David Wild of Rolling Stone has praised her voice, saying that "she can hit any note". Her vocal range has been described as "enormous", with critics highlighting her ability to hold notes for an extended period of time. Billboard describes her vocal ability as "freakish". Concert critics have pointed out that "she'll let loose with an improbably long note that runs through more octaves than you knew existed". When asked if it ever becomes difficult to belt at such high intensity during her 90–120 minute live shows, Underwood responded, "I'm too proud to drop keys. I won't do it. Maybe the older I get, I'll write some songs in lower keys so it'll be easier. I've always been pretty good as far as stamina onstage. Being able to work out and stay physically strong is important ... So far, it's worked for me. I'm just blessed at being able to be loud for long periods of time." Fellow country music singer Randy Travis paid high praises to Underwood's voice when asked about her cover of his 1988 hit song "I Told You So", saying that "her voice is so much better suited to the song. I have a baritone voice, and her soprano voice really fits well with the range of the song. Her ability to get into the upper register of her voice and just hold those high notes is great." Her voice has also been praised as "versatile". She has performed live versions of gospel songs like "How Great Thou Art", in which Yahoo! critics noticed her ability to move an audience with a "powerful performance", and rock songs like Guns N' Roses' "Paradise City", with Rolling Stone critics saying it was a "standout performance", adding that "when the song reached its crescendo, the singer went right over the edge with it, twirling like a tornado and tossing in more than a few banshee wails" and even saying "if the original members of Guns N' Roses ever wanted to reunite without Axl Rose, they might be wise to ask Carrie Underwood to fill his bandana". In 2023, Rolling Stone ranked Underwood at number 158 on its list of the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time. Influences Underwood has credited "music as a whole" as her major influence, since she "grew up listening to music" and "there were songs, different kind of songs coming at me from everywhere". She has mentioned rock acts like Queen, Guns N' Roses, George Michael, the Rolling Stones, and My Chemical Romance as influences. In a 2014 interview Underwood spoke on the late Queen frontman, "I've always been a huge fan and lover of Freddie Mercury. I would listen to him when I was a kid. He could do so many amazing things with his voice. People like that — who had incredible voices — I was always drawn to." In July 2022 she joined Guns N' Roses on stage during their concert at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London where she performed with another of her idols, band frontman Axl Rose, saying after, "I've covered enough Guns N' Roses stuff, and it was people like him who taught me how to sing". Among country artists, she has listed George Strait, Dolly Parton, Randy Travis, Martina McBride, Reba McEntire, and Garth Brooks as influences. Although never publicly mentioning Faith Hill and Shania Twain as musical influences, critics have linked Underwood's musical style to those of Hill and Twain. Her music is generally country pop with a rock influence similar to that of Kelly Clarkson, as noticed by Rolling Stone. She has also released songs with Christian music influence. Legacy Since her debut in 2005, Underwood has been praised by both veteran artists and music critics. In 2014, Rolling Stone described Underwood as "the female vocalist of her generation of any genre", while a 2012 issue of Billboard magazine referred to her as Country Music's reigning Queen. Time featured her in its 2014 list of the 100 most influential people in the world, in which Brad Paisley wrote "not only has she earned her place, she's also raised the bar: she's a prolific songwriter, a trendsetter and an Opry member"; Paisley further called her "the best singer in any format of music." In 2015, Grady Smith of The Guardian praised her, saying "Carrie Underwood has emerged as the leader of country music". Vince Gill has also stated: "The possibility of Carrie's longevity is through the roof. There are fine singers, and there are gifted, great singers, and she's one of those. Her vocal skills are off the hook". She has further received public commendation from Stevie Nicks, Melissa Etheridge, Steven Tyler, Tony Bennett, Dolly Parton, and Loretta Lynn. David Wild of Rolling Stone has stated that "Carrie Underwood is the greatest thing that American Idol ever gave us". She was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 2017, and the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2018, for her achievements in music. Underwood has influenced pop girl group Fifth Harmony, singer Mollie King of British pop girl group The Saturdays, singer Kelsea Ballerini, The Voice winner Danielle Bradbery, American Idol runner-up Lauren Alaina, and singer and actress Lucy Hale. Awards and achievements The most awarded country artist of all time, Underwood has been the recipient of eight Grammy Awards, twelve Billboard Music Awards, sixteen Academy of Country Music Awards, seventeen American Music Awards, nine Country Music Association Awards, seven Teen Choice Awards, five CMT Artists of the Year awards, and twenty-three CMT Music Awards, among others. As a songwriter, she has also received a Golden Globe Award nomination and won ten BMI Awards. Underwood was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry in 2008, for her many accomplishments in country music, and into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame in 2009. She was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 2017, the highest honor one can receive from the state. In September 2020, Underwood won her third Entertainer of the year award from the Academy of Country Music, making her the first woman in history to do so. In December 2009, she was awarded the Harmony Award from the Nashville Symphony Orchestra for her achievements in music across many genres. In 2013, she received the Artist Achievement Award at the 38th Annual New York Honors Gala held by the T.J. Martell Foundation. In 2014, she was honored by the Country Radio Broadcasters' Board of Directors with the CRB Artist Humanitarian Award at the 2014 Country Radio Seminar. Regarded as one of the most successful artists in any musical genre, Underwood has sold 85 million records worldwide, as of 2023. The Recording Industry Association of America recognizes Underwood as the tenth highest-certified female artist and the highest-certified female country artist of all time on its Top Artists ranking, with 47 million certified song units. Underwood was also the highest-certified country album artist to debut in the 21st century . In the US, she has sold 20 million albums and over 40 million singles, making her the best-selling artist of the American Idol franchise, with Billboard calling her the ultimate Idol success story. Forbes has declared Underwood the most successful American Idol winner of all time, with more albums sold and more revenue generated than any of the other contestants in the show's 15 seasons. Underwood experienced quick commercial success in the industry, with her debut album, Some Hearts, becoming the fastest-selling debut country album in the history of the SoundScan era, the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history, the best-selling Country album of the last 14 years, and the best-selling album by an American Idol alum in the US. With her debut single, "Inside Your Heaven", she also broke Billboard chart history as the first country music artist ever to debut at number one on the Hot 100 and the song became the first song from a country artist to go to number one on the Hot 100 since country group Lonestar's "Amazed" did so in 2000. "Inside Your Heaven" is the only single by a solo country artist in the 2000 decade to reach number one on the Hot 100 chart. With the singles from her second album, Carnival Ride, she became the first female country artist since Shania Twain in 1995 to pull four number-one's from one album. In 2010, with the singles of her third album, Play On, she achieved ten career number-one singles on the Hot Country Songs, an achievement for which she was named by the Guinness Book of World Records as the female country artist with the most number-one hits on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart , tied with Reba McEntire. With such a feat, she became the only female artist in country music history to have eleven consecutive top two singles; at that time, she had twelve official country singles: ten number-ones. She also became the first woman to score ten number-ones on such a chart since Rosanne Cash in 1988. She then broke and expanded her Guinness Book record by scoring four more number-one singles on the Hot Country Songs between 2011 and 2014, for a total of fourteen number-ones. She is also the woman with the most number-ones in the history of the Billboard Country Airplay chart, having had 15 leaders. In October 2021, she scored her 16th number one on the Country Airplay, with the joint single "If I Didn't Love You". Underwood's first twenty-seven singles promoted to country radio all reached the top ten of both the Hot Country Songs and Country Airplay charts, the longest streak of top ten singles by a country artist from the start of a career. Since May 2011, Underwood is the Biggest American Idol Earner, with tour revenues and records sales combined. She is the fourth biggest album seller of the past 10 years in the United States. With her sixth studio album opening at number one on Billboard's Top 200 Albums chart, Underwood broke several records: she was the first woman to launch four country albums to number one there, as well as the first female country artist to top Billboard's The Artist 100 chart. In September 2018, Underwood received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, for her numerous achievements in music. After taking home over 20 awards from 2006 to 2019, Underwood became the most awarded artist in the history of the CMT Music Awards. As of October 2018, she has a net worth estimated at US$200 million. She has been the top-earning American Idol alum of all time since 2014. At the turn of the 2010 decade, Billboard named Underwood the top female country artist and seventh overall country artist. She ranks, as per Pollstar, among the 15 all-genre top female touring artists of the past four decades, having sold over 4.3 million concert tickets and grossed around $265 million with her headlined tours. With Cry Pretty, Underwood became the first and only artist in American Music Award history to have all six consecutive albums win the Favorite Album award. Other ventures Product endorsements Underwood has had many endorsements throughout her career. She has signed multimillion-dollar deals with Skechers, Target, Nintendo, Olay, Nicole by OPI, Hershey's, Almay and Dick's Sporting Goods. In 2005, Underwood appeared in a Skechers global advertising campaign. In 2007, Underwood appeared in Target advertisements promoting her album Carnival Ride. The limited edition of the album which included a behind the scenes DVD was exclusively sold at Target. In 2008, Underwood worked with Nintendo for the launch of their Nintendo DS appearing in various television commercials. That same year, Underwood became the spokesperson for Vitamin Water starring in television and magazine advertisements. Underwood also hosts a guide to a healthy lifestyle on Vitamin Water's website. In 2010, Underwood became the spokesperson for the Pedigree adoption drive. In 2011, she became the first celebrity brand ambassador for Olay skin care. Underwood has appeared in the global advertising campaign for their facial wash. In January 2014, Underwood signed a deal with Nicole by OPI to launch 14 new nail lacquers. In the same month, Underwood had signed a deal to serve as Almay's global brand ambassador, where she would appear in TV and print advertisements for the brand later that month. In March 2015, Underwood released a fitness clothing line named CALIA by Carrie Underwood. In collaboration with Dick's Sporting Goods, the line features clothing that is intended to be suitable for both active and casual wear. Philanthropy Underwood established the Checotah Animal, Town, and School Foundation in 2009. The foundation helps with general causes, needs and services in the area of Checotah to directly impact the community. "My hometown is extremely supportive of me and I feel blessed to be able to create something as a way of giving back; to say thank you", said Underwood. Underwood is a supporter of arts education. In 2009, Underwood's foundation "Checotah Animal, Town & School Foundation" and the Academy of Country Music foundation "ACM Lifting Lives" partnered to give students in Checotah, Oklahoma a gift valued at more than $120,000 in new instruments for their music programs. Underwood held a surprise concert at a local high school and then unveiled the gifts. The instruments will be shared throughout the Checotah school district and were ordered through Yamaha Corporate Artist Affairs at a special philanthropic price. During the 2011 holiday season, her foundation donated $350,000 to the Checotah schools. Underwood is a supporter of animal welfare. Underwood is a supporter of the Humane Society of the United States and has done several public service announcements for the organization. Underwood has also done a "Protect Your Pets" public service announcement for Do Something. In 2010, Underwood became the official spokesperson for the Pedigree adoption drive. On March 29, 2010, Underwood and Pedigree partnered to donate $10,000 to a New York City Animal Shelter. In April 2011, Underwood opened the Happy Paws Animal Shelter in her hometown. On January 10, 2012, it was reported but had previously been blogged by Underwood herself on her official fan-site, that the singer rescued an abandoned dog along a highway. Underwood and her husband made a video for the "Do It for Daron" campaign urging young people to stop bullying. In July 2012, she publicly endorsed same-sex marriage. She told the British newspaper The Independent, "As a married person myself, I don't know what it's like to be told I can't marry somebody I love and want to marry", she said. "I can't imagine how that must feel. I definitely think we should all have the right to love, and love publicly, the people that we want to love." Underwood went on to say, "Our church is gay-friendly. Above all, God wanted us to love others. It's not about setting rules, or [saying] 'everyone has to be like me'. No. We're all different. That's what makes us special. We have to love each other and get on with each other. It's not up to me to judge anybody." Underwood launched the Academy of Country Music Lifting Lives Temporary Home Fund in 2010. The Fund specifically benefits victims of the Tennessee floods of early 2010 and it was kicked off with grants that Underwood received from ACM as Entertainer of the Year. She also teamed up with Brooks and Dunn to support the new Fund by recording a Public Service Announcement . Underwood is involved with several organizations that benefit children. In January 2010, she partnered with Country Cares for St. Jude Kids visiting the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. In February 2011, Underwood donated $140,125 to Save the Children. This charitable initiative was inspired by the "36 cents" written in the lyrics of Underwood's album track "Change" on her album Play On, which addresses how even the smallest bit of spare change that one might have can add up to make a difference and help "change" the world. Underwood is a supporter of the United Service Organization, Clothes off our back, and Habitat For Humanity. To benefit cancer research, in August 2008, Underwood joined Beyoncé, Mariah Carey, Mary J. Blige, Miley Cyrus, and other female artists to record the song "Just Stand Up!" The proceeds benefited Stand Up to Cancer . As a result of their fund raising efforts, the SU2C scientific advisory committee, overseen by the American Association for Cancer Research was able to award $73.6 million towards novel, groundbreaking research. The song peaked at number 11 on Billboard's Hot 100 Songs. In 2012, Underwood donated $1 of every ticket sold on the North American leg of the Blown Away Tour to the Canadian and American Red Cross. On May 24, 2013, Underwood donated $1 million in proceeds from her recent Blown Away Tour to the Red Cross for relief efforts in response to the Oklahoma tornado. Acting Underwood appeared on How I Met Your Mother in March 2010. She played the role of Tiffany, a medical sales rep that forms a relationship with Ted. This was the second highest rated episode for season five, gaining 10.48 million viewers. Brian Zoromski of IGN gave the episode 8.5 out of 10. He was surprised how well Underwood performed in her first acting role. A few months earlier, she appeared in an episode of the PBS children's television series Sesame Street, performing a voice-over as "Carrie Underworm" a worm who sings a song about worm pride before an auto race Sesame Street is holding. Underwood made her film debut in Soul Surfer in April 2011. She played Sarah Hill, the church youth leader who helped Bethany Hamilton overcome the obstacles she faced after the shark attack. Underwood played Maria von Trapp in NBC's The Sound of Music Live!. The three-hour telecast aired on December 5, 2013, partnering NBC with the producing team of Craig Zadan and Neil Meron. "To have a star like Carrie Underwood perform Maria in The Sound of Music, and in such a very special and unique production, is exciting beyond words", said Ted Chapin, president of the Rodgers & Hammerstein Organization. "Part of the magic of Rodgers and Hammerstein is how their work has adapted itself to so many different incarnations, and I am certain the fresh spirit Underwood brings to her own songs will transition into exciting versions of the classic songs we all know and love." Underwood played herself in season 4 of Cobra Kai. Writing Underwood released her debut book, Find Your Path, on March 3, 2020, published by Dey Street Books. It became a New York Times best seller, debuting at number two on the How-To and Miscellaneous list. This book contains insight into Carrie's lifestyle and aims to help people find their lifestyle. This book also contains some of her favorite recipes. Personal life Relationships Underwood was first linked to NHL player Mike Fisher after they met at one of her concerts in late 2008, and they became engaged in December 2009. According to The Canadian Press, Fisher proposed in Ottawa on December 20, 2009. Underwood's engagement ring features a yellow diamond and was valued at $150,000. On July 10, 2010, Underwood and Fisher wed at the Ritz-Carlton Lodge in Greensboro, Georgia, with more than 250 people in attendance. The couple's first son was born on February 27, 2015. Their second son was born on January 21, 2019. Between the births of her two sons, Underwood had three miscarriages. In 2018, she told CBS News that this was the basis for her song "Cry Pretty", as "I would have these horrible things going on in my life, and then have to go smile and, like, do some interviews or, like, do a photo shoot or something". On February 11, 2011, an Ottawa radio station, 105.3 KISS-FM, stated that it would ban the playing of Underwood's music because her husband, Mike Fisher, was traded to the Nashville Predators the day before. Due to Underwood's fans' threats on Facebook to never tune into the radio station, the station later apologized for its actions, saying that its statements were meant to be taken as a joke, as it does not play Underwood's country songs anyway, and it was its "tongue-in-cheek way of wishing Fisher the best of luck in Nashville." Fisher later criticized the station saying "obviously Carrie had nothing to do with the move or the trade or anything so to imply something like that was just wrong", and noting that both he and Underwood were disappointed in the negativity the radio station created. Underwood was selected by The Hockey News on its annual list of the 100 People of Power and Influence in Ice Hockey. For the 2012 list, Underwood ranked at number 85. In 2010, Underwood and Fisher bought a mansion on eleven acres near Ottawa in the luxurious Spruce Ridge district. The couple later put the mansion up for sale at an asking price of $2.2 million. In 2012, the couple bought a cottage outside of Nashville. They use the cottage for weekend getaways. Oprah toured the cottage and interviewed Underwood and Fisher there for their appearance on Oprah's Next Chapter. Personal interests Underwood is a practicing Evangelical Christian, and a vegetarian. She stopped eating meat at the age of 13 because she could not stand the thought of eating one of her own animals. She was voted "World's Sexiest Vegetarian" by PETA in 2007 for the second time, the first being in 2005 alongside Coldplay frontman Chris Martin, who was himself a vegetarian at the time. In a 2007 interview with PETA, Underwood stated, "Ever since I was little I loved animals ... If you told me I could never sing again, I'd say that was horrible, but it's not my life. If you told me I could never be around animals again, I would just die." In April 2022, Underwood shared the loss of her dog, Ace, whom she had adopted in 2007. Ten months later, Underwood shared she had adopted a new dog, named Charlie, who she met backstage while touring in Charlotte, North Carolina. In April 2013, Underwood spoke out with disapproval regarding the Tennessee "Ag Gag bill". The bill makes it a crime to videotape animal cruelty or abuse and then fail to turn in the evidence to authorities within 48 hours. This is to stop animal rights activists from accumulating enough documentation to prove that animal cruelty is routine in big agribusiness. Underwood tweeted, "Shame on TN lawmakers for passing the Ag Gag bill. If Gov. Bill Haslam signs this, he needs to expect me at his front door. Who's with me?" State Rep. Andy Holt responded to her tweet, saying, "I would say that Carrie Underwood will stick to singing, I'll stick to lawmaking." Underwood later responded via Twitter, "I should stick to singing? Wow...sorry, I'm just a tax-paying citizen concerned for the safety of my family. #NoAgGag". She also tweeted Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam, saying "Please don't sign the Ag Gag bill. Think about the welfare of the animals as well as the consumers. I'm begging you..." Underwood has stated that she has a great interest in sports. She has participated in the annual City of Hope Celebrity Softball tournament for charity for many years. The event takes place in Nashville, Tennessee, and benefits research for life-threatening diseases. In 2005, she performed the "Star-Spangled Banner" at Game 4 of the NBA Finals between the San Antonio Spurs and Detroit Pistons, and in 2006 at the NBA All-Star Game. She performed at halftime of the 2006 Thanksgiving Day football game at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas, and was friends with Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo. She also performed the "Star-Spangled Banner" at the NFC Championship Game between the Seattle Seahawks and Carolina Panthers in 2006, as well as at the 2006 edition of NASCAR's Coca-Cola 600, the MLB All Star Game in Pittsburgh, and at Game 3 of the 2007 World Series between the Boston Red Sox and Colorado Rockies. On February 7, 2010, Underwood performed the National Anthem for Super Bowl XLIV. Underwood has performed the opening theme song for NBC Sunday Night Football since 2013. Faith Hill, whom Underwood replaced, later expressed full support for Underwood, congratulating her via Twitter and stating that it was "an awesome choice" by NBC/SNF and that Underwood "will rock it". Underwood's original song was a modification of her song "Oh, Sunday Night", but was changed to an original song, "Game On", for the 2018 NFL season. She sang the National Anthem for the Nashville Predators prior to their victory over the Chicago Blackhawks in Game 3 of the first round of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs and prior to their victory over the Winnipeg Jets in Game 2 of the second round of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs. Discography Some Hearts Carnival Ride Play On Blown Away Storyteller Cry Pretty My Gift My Savior Denim & Rhinestones Tours and residencies Headlining Carrie Underwood: Live in Concert Carnival Ride Tour Play On Tour Blown Away Tour Storyteller Tour: Stories in the Round Cry Pretty Tour 360 Denim & Rhinestones Tour Residencies Reflection Co-headlining American Idols Live! Tour 2005 Love, Pain and the Whole Crazy Carnival Ride Tour C2C: Country to Country with Tim McGraw and with Miranda Lambert / Eric Church Ripcord World Tour – Oceania Leg Filmography

=== Chris Brown ===
Christopher Maurice Brown is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actor. A pop and hip-hop-influenced R&B musician who works in a variety of genres, he has been called the "King of R&B" by some of his contemporaries. His lyrics often address emotional and hedonistic themes. His singing and dancing skills have often been compared favorably to those of Michael Jackson. In 2004, Brown signed with Jive Records. The following year, he released his eponymous debut studio album, which went triple platinum. Brown topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart with his debut single, "Run It!", making him the first male artist since 1995 to do so. His second album, Exclusive , was commercially successful worldwide and spawned his second Billboard Hot 100 number-one single, "Kiss Kiss". In 2009, Brown pleaded guilty to felony assault of singer Rihanna, who was then his girlfriend, and was sentenced to five years probation and six months community service. The same year, he released his third album, Graffiti, which was considered to be a commercial failure. Following Graffiti, Brown released his fourth album F.A.M.E. , which was his first album to top the Billboard 200. The album contained three commercially successful singles—"Yeah 3x", "Look at Me Now" and "Beautiful People"—and earned him the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. His fifth album, Fortune, released in 2012, topped the Billboard 200. Following the releases of X and Royalty , both peaking in the top three of the Billboard 200, his eighth album, Heartbreak on a Full Moon , a double-disc LP consisting of 45 tracks, was certified gold for combined sales and album-equivalent units of over 500,000 after one week, and later certified double platinum. Brown's ninth studio album, Indigo found similar success, debuting atop the Billboard 200. It included the single "No Guidance" which broke the record for longest-running number one on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. Its chart success was outdone with the single "Go Crazy" released the following year, which broke Brown's own record for longest-running number one. In 2022, his Indigo album spawned a sleeper hit with its song "Under the Influence", which was re-released as a single. Brown has sold over 140 million records worldwide, making him one of the world's best-selling music artists. He has gained a cult following, and is one of the highest-grossing African American touring artists of all time. Brown holds the record for the most top 40 hits of any R&B singer in history, the most RIAA gold-certified singles of any male singer in history, and the most RIAA multi-platinum singles of any male singer in history. In 2019, Billboard named Brown the third most successful artist of the 2010s decade in R&B and hip-hop music, behind Drake and Rihanna. Brown has won 209 awards from 534 nominations over the course of his career. He has also pursued an acting career. In 2007, he made his feature film debut in Stomp the Yard, and appeared as a guest on the television series The O.C. Other films include This Christmas , Takers , Think Like a Man and Battle of the Year . Early life, family and education Christopher Maurice Brown was born on May 5, 1989, in Tappahannock, Virginia, to Joyce Hawkins, a former day care center director, and Clinton Brown, a corrections officer at a local prison. He has an older sister, Lytrell Bundy, a bank employee. Music was always present in Brown's life beginning in his childhood. He would listen to soul albums that his parents owned, and eventually began to show interest in the hip-hop scene. His parents had divorced when he was 6 years old, and his mother's boyfriend terrified him by subjecting her to domestic violence. In a 2017 self-documentary film, Welcome to My Life, Brown recalls the couple's abusive relationship. Brown said that when he was six, his mother's partner shot himself in the head, but did not die. The gunshot blinded him, the physical impairment only adding to his rage. Donnelle vented his anger and frustration on Brown's mother. "I had to hear my mom get beat up every night. I’d pee on myself, just scared to even walk out into the hallway, because I didn’t want to see nothing". Brown taught himself to sing and dance at a young age and often cites Michael Jackson as his inspiration. He began to perform in his church choir and in several local talent shows. Brown said, during a 2023 interview with Shannon Sharpe, that he started to take in consideration music as his job after winning a talent show during a summer camp when he was 11 years old, performing Sisqó’s "Thong Song": "The camp leaders, they laughed, but everybody kinda went crazy in there and I was like 'I think I can do this'." When he mimicked an Usher performance of "My Way", his mother recognized his vocal talent, and they began to look for the opportunity of a record deal. At age 16, Brown dropped out of Essex High School in Virginia in late 2004 or early 2005 to relocate and pursue a music career. Career 2002–2004: Career beginnings At age 13, Brown was discovered by Hitmission Records, a local production team that visited the gas station where his father worked, while searching for new talent. Around the same time, he performed with one of his production managers’ son, named TJ, for hip-hop artist Puff Daddy, but the rapper refused to sign him to his record label Bad Boy Records. Hitmission's Lamont Fleming provided voice coaching for Brown. The team helped to arrange a demo package, under the name of "C. Sizzle", and approached contacts in New York. Tina Davis, senior A&R executive at Def Jam Recordings, heard the demo package that Brown's local team had sent to Def Jam, and among the artists contained in the CD she was impressed by Brown with his track "Whose Girl Is That". Davis later had Brown auditioning in her New York office, and she immediately took him to meet the former president of Island Def Jam Music Group, Antonio "L.A." Reid, who offered to sign him that day, but Brown refused his proposal because Reid wouldn't talk to his mother. Brown then started to sojourn in Harlem, New York City, to seek a record deal. The negotiations with Def Jam continued for two months, and ended when Davis lost her job due to a corporate merger. Brown asked her to be his manager, and once Davis accepted, she promoted the singer to other labels such as Jive Records, J-Records and Warner Bros. Records. "I knew that Chris had real talent," says Davis. "I just knew I wanted to be part of it." Brown attended Essex High School in Virginia until late 2004, when he moved to New York to pursue his music career. According to Mark Pitts, in an interview with HitQuarters, Davis presented Brown with a video recording, and Pitts' reaction was: "I saw huge potential ... I didn't love all the records, but I loved his voice. It wasn't a problem because I knew that he could sing, and I knew how to make records." Brown ultimately chose Jive due to its successful work with then-young acts such as Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake. Brown stated, "I picked Jive because they had the best success with younger artists in the pop market, [...] I knew I was going to capture my African American audience, but Jive had a lot of strength in the pop area as well as longevity in careers." Brown said in a 2013 interview, that during his permanence in Harlem, when he was trying to get his music heard by major labels, his artistic intention was to both rap and sing on his records, but Jive convinced him to stick to just singing, because according to him "it wasn't acceptable yet" for an R&B singer to also rap on records. 2005–2006: Chris Brown and acting debut After signing to Jive Records in 2004, Brown began recording his self-titled debut studio album in February 2005. By May, there were 50 songs already recorded, 14 of which were picked to the final track listing. He has worked with producers and songwriters Scott Storch, Cool & Dre, Sean Garrett, Jazze Pha, and others, and has said that they "really believed in [him]". Brown co-wrote half of the tracks. "I write about the things that 16 year olds go through every day," he said in 2009. "Like you just got in trouble for sneaking your girl into the house, or you can't drive, so you steal a car or something." The whole album took less than eight weeks to produce. In 2023, Brown described working on his first album as a "learning experience", recalling that he felt "insecure" about releasing "Run It!" as his first single. The album's lead single, "Run It!", was a great commercial success, making Brown the first male act since Montell Jordan in 1995 to have his debut single to reach the summit of the Billboard Hot 100—later remaining for four additional weeks. Three other singles, "Yo ", "Gimme That", and "Say Goodbye", were successful, peaking in the top 20 on the same chart. Released on November 29, 2005, the self-titled Chris Brown album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 154,000 copies. Decca Aitkenhead of The Guardian wrote that it was "a smooth slice of commercial R&B". Chris Brown sold over three million copies in the US and was certified three times platinum by the RIAA; worldwide, it sold six million copies. On June 13, 2006, Brown released a DVD entitled Chris Brown's Journey, which shows footage of him traveling through England and Japan, preparing for his first visit to the Grammy Awards, behind the scenes of his music videos and bloopers. On August 17, 2006, to further promote the album, Brown began his major co-headlining tour, The Up Close and Personal Tour. Due to the tour, production for his next album was pushed back two months. St. Jude Children's Research Hospital received $10,000 in ticket proceeds from Brown's 2006 Up Close & Personal Tour. Brown has made appearances on UPN's One on One and The N's Brandon T. Jackson Show on its pilot episode. 2007–2008: Exclusive In January 2007, Brown landed a small role as a band geek in the fourth season of the American television series The O.C.. Brown then made his film debut in Stomp the Yard, alongside Ne-Yo, Meagan Good and Columbus Short on January 12, 2007. In April 2007, Brown was the opening act for Beyoncé, on the Australian leg of her The Beyoncé Experience tour. On July 9, 2007, Brown was featured in an episode of MTV's My Super Sweet 16 celebrating his eighteenth birthday in New York City. Shortly after ending his summer tour with Ne-Yo, Brown quickly began production for his second studio album, Exclusive. The album's lead single, "Wall to Wall" was released, and it didn't reach the chart success of his previous singles, peaking at number 79 on US Billboard Hot 100 chart, and number 22 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, being his lowest charting single at the time. However, "Kiss Kiss", featuring and produced by T-Pain, released as the album's second single, received huge success, reaching number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, and becoming Brown's second number one single following "Run It!" in 2005. "With You", produced by Stargate , was released as the third single from Exclusive, and had even bigger worldwide success than "Kiss Kiss", becoming one of the all-time best-selling singles, and reaching number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. Exclusive was released in the US on November 6, 2007. According to The Guardian the album demonstrated "his agility in fusing R&B with the era’s auto-tuned strain of pop-leaning hip-hop". The album debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 294,000 copies in its first week, becoming a bigger commercial success than his previous outing. Exclusive was certified four times platinum by the RIAA. In November 2007, Brown starred as a video host for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital's Math-A-Thon program. He showed his support by encouraging students to use their math skills to help children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases. On November 21, 2007, Brown appeared as a leading role in This Christmas, a family drama starring Regina King. He also contributed to the soundtrack of the movie, that contains his cover versions of "Try a Little Tenderness" and "This Christmas", the latter has been certified platinum by the RIAA. To further support the album Exclusive, Brown embarked on his The Exclusive Holiday Tour, visiting over thirty venues in US. The tour began in Cincinnati, Ohio, on December 6, 2007, and concluded on February 9, 2008, in Honolulu, Hawaii. In March 2008, Brown was featured on Jordin Sparks' single "No Air", which received worldwide success, peaking at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. He also made a guest appearance on David Banner' single "Get Like Me" alongside Yung Joc. The song peaked at number sixteen on the Billboard Hot 100, and number two on the US Hot Rap Songs chart. In 2008, Brown did of a commercial spot for Doublemint gum, creating a jingle commissioned by an advertising company working for Wrigley. Brown first created the short version for the commercial, then extended and expanded it into a full song, "Forever", during another recording session. "Forever" was later released as a single anticipating Brown's re-issue of Exclusive. The song was noted for being Brown's first record to venture into the dance-pop genre, becoming one of his biggest singles, reaching number two on Billboard Hot 100. Billboard wrote positively of the single, stating in its 2008 review that Brown "has proved as 2008's pop/R&B prince that he has talent and charm to command the charts for as long he chooses". The re-issue, titled Exclusive: The Forever Edition, was released on June 3, 2008, seven months after the original version, featuring four new tracks, and pushed the album's success further. In August 2008, Brown guest-starred on Disney's The Suite Life of Zack & Cody as himself. Towards the end of 2008, Brown was named the Artist of the Year by Billboard magazine, with the songs "With You", "Forever" and "No Air" resulting three of the top 10 most sold singles of 2008 in the US. 2009–2010: Graffiti and mixtapes In 2008, Brown began work on his third studio album, announced to be called Graffiti, promising to experiment with a different musical direction inspired by singers Prince and Michael Jackson. He stated, "I wanted to change it up and really be different. Like my style nowadays, I don't try to be typical urban. I want to be like how Prince, Michael and Stevie Wonder were. They can cross over to any genre of music." Following the domestic violence scandal involving Brown and his then-girlfriend, musician/actress Rihanna on February 8, 2009, a major part of mass media took positions against the singer. The scandal also caused Brown to lose significant endorsements, including the one with Doublemint, with some music stations across the US briefly banning Brown's songs. The singer later participated in numerous television appearances during the year to express himself publicly about it. He spoke about it to ABC News: "I never ever had problems with anger. No, no domestic violence with any of my past girlfriends or any altercations. I never was that kind of person. I look at it, and it's really, like really difficult. It's like, 'How could I be that person?'". In the 2017 self-documentary, Welcome to My Life, Brown says his reputation dropped sharply after his 2009 assault on Rihanna, "I went from being on top of the world, number one songs, being kind of like America's sweetheart, to being public enemy number one." Graffiti's lead single "I Can Transform Ya" was released on September 29, 2009. The song peaked at number 20 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. "Crawl" was released as the album's second single on November 23, 2009. The song reached number 53 on the Billboard Hot 100. Graffiti was then released on December 8, 2009. Brown, with this album, started to take full control of his art, managing the artistic direction, and writing every song of the album . He said that his decision to entirely direct and write his albums and songs came from the fact that he wanted to give his "own perspective of the music [he] wanted to make" and by his wanting to "verbalize whatever [he] was going through". Critics noted that with the album's sound Brown aimed to expand his music beyond the genres of his previous works. According to Mikael Wood of Los Angeles Times, the album is made of an "upbeat" part, that "can be considered the sonic sequel to 'Forever'", mixed with power ballads, observed to express his remorse and feelings following the Rihanna incident. The album, compared to its two predecessors, was a commercial and critical failure, debuting at number 7 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 102,000 copies in its first week, and receiving generally negative reviews from critics. Despite this, Graffiti was nominated for two Grammy Awards; including one for the Best Contemporary R&B Album and the other for the Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for the track, "Take My Time" featuring Tank. As of March 23, 2011, it has sold 341,000 copies in the US. While performing a Michael Jackson Tribute at the 2010 BET Awards, Brown started to cry and fell to his knees while singing Jackson's "Man in the Mirror". The performance and his emotional turmoil resonated with several celebrities present at the ceremony, including Trey Songz, Diddy and Taraji P. Henson. Songz said, "He left his heart on the stage. He gave genuine emotion. I was proud of him and I was happy for him for having that moment". Michael's brother, Jermaine Jackson, expressed similar sentiments stating, "it was very emotional for me, because it was an acceptance from his fans from what has happened to him and also paying tribute to my brother". Later during the award ceremony, Brown stated, "I let y'all down before, but I won't do it again...I promise", while accepting the award for the AOL Fandemonium prize. In August 2010, Brown starred alongside an ensemble cast, including Matt Dillon, Paul Walker, Idris Elba, Hayden Christensen and T.I. in the crime thriller Takers, and also served as executive producer of the film. During 2010, Brown released three free mixtapes: In My Zone , Fan of a Fan , and In My Zone 2, which featured a new writing style for the singer, and a different musical style, mixing R&B with hip-hop. For the mixtapes he worked with new producers, most notably Kevin McCall. The mixtapes received a great response from the artist's core audience, consolidating it. The single "Deuces", extracted from the Fan of a Fan mixtape, obtained critical and commercial success, peaking at number 1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The song was later remixed by some of the biggest names in the hip-hop scene of that time, including Drake, Kanye West, André 3000, Rick Ross, Fabolous, and T.I.. He later released the solo track "No BS" as his second single from Fan of a Fan, and decided to include the two singles from the mixtape as anticipation singles for his next album. 2011–2012: F.A.M.E. and Fortune In September 2010, Brown announced his album, F.A.M.E., a backronym for "Forgiving All My Enemies", would be released in October. The album's first single, "Yeah 3x", a dance-pop song, different from the urban content of the previous mixtapes. The single received big international success, entering the top-ten in eleven countries, including Australia, Austria, Denmark, Ireland, Netherlands, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It was succeeded by the hip-hop single "Look at Me Now", featuring rappers Lil Wayne and Busta Rhymes, that reached number one on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, where it remained for eight consecutive weeks. It also reached number one on the US Hot Rap Songs chart. The single became the best-selling rap song of 2011, as well as one of all-time best-selling singles in the US. Stereogum while critiquing Brown's public image during a review, praised his musical ability and the track, stating that "It brings me no joy to report that 'Look At Me Now' is a 10". Brown's fourth studio album F.A.M.E. was first released on March 18, 2011. Defined by critics as a "musical kaleidoscope" for its versatile sound, the album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, with first-week sales of 270,000 copies, giving Brown his first number-one album in the US. Steve Jones of USA Today said that the album showed "a more mature, confident and adventurous Brown who has emerged in the wake of all the drama, and he has delivered the strongest album of his career". The album's third single, "Beautiful People", featuring Benny Benassi, peaked at number one on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart, and became the first number-one single on the chart for both Brown and Benassi. "She Ain't You" was released as the album's fourth US single, while "Next 2 You", featuring Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber, served as the album's fourth international single. To further promote the album, Brown embarked on his F.A.M.E. Tour in Australia and North America. Brown received six nominations at the 2011 BET Awards and ultimately won five awards, including Best Male R&B Artist, Viewers Choice Award, The Fandemonium Award, Best Collaboration and Video of the Year for "Look at Me Now". He also won three awards at the 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards, including the People's Champ Award, Reese's Perfect Combo Award and Best Hip Hop Video for "Look at Me Now". At the 2011 Soul Train Music Awards, F.A.M.E. won Album of the Year. The album has also earned Brown three Grammy Award nominations at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best R&B Album, as well as Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song for "Look at Me Now". On February 12, 2012, Brown won his first Grammy Award, for Best R&B Album. During the ceremony, Brown performed several songs marking his first appearance at the awards show since his conviction of felony assault. Originally, Brown wanted F.A.M.E. to be a double-disc, consisting of 25–30 tracks, but the label was contrary to that. Right before the release of F.A.M.E. Brown decided to follow his intentions in an acceptable way for the label, working on a sequel of F.A.M.E. called Fortune, that would be a whole new album that contained new material and even some tracks that didn't make the cut of the previous album. On October 7, 2011, RCA Music Group announced it was disbanding Jive Records along with Arista Records and J Records. With the shutdown, Brown will release future material on the RCA Records brand. Brown's fifth studio album Fortune was anticipated with the release of "Strip", "Sweet Love", "Till I Die", and the top 10 singles "Turn Up the Music" and "Don't Wake Me Up". Fortune was released on July 3, 2012. The album's musical style was noted for mixing Brown's R&B with pop and electronic music. The album debuted atop the Billboard 200, but received negative reviews from critics. Los Angeles Times wrote that the album is "brash and commercial", stating that "Brown’s “F.A.M.E.” hit with a solid combination of freaky, heavy-duty R&B bangers and the requisite sex-in-bed seduction numbers. But Fortune, his fifth studio album, is the work of an artist who has gone all-in with a handful of commercial tracks designed to get Our Hero paid and back in America’s good graces". Despite the negative reception, it was nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 55th Grammy Awards. To further promote the album, Brown embarked on his Carpe Diem Tour in Europe, Africa, Asia, and Trinidad. 2013–2015: X and Royalty After concluding his Carpe Diem Tour in 2012, Brown's next studio album started to develop. On February 15, 2013, the singer unofficially released the song "Home", where he expresses a reflection on the dark side of fame, and how the only moment of respite from that thought is when he returns to the neighborhood where he grew up with people who knew him from the start. On March 26, 2013, Brown announced the release of X, in various interviews and listening sessions. In an interview with Ebony, Brown spoke of taking his music in a different direction and changing his sound from the pop-infused and sexually explicit one of the previous album Fortune, to a more mature, soulful and vulnerable theme for the album. On March 29, 2013, he released the critically acclaimed "Fine China" as the lead single of X. Yahoo! lauded 'Fine China' as "a soulful, 1970's-inspired track" and said that it was "Brown's most musical sound to date". Following the release of two other anticipation singles of X, "Don't Think They Know" and "Love More", on August 9, 2013, at 1:09 am PDT, Brown was reported to have suffered a seizure from Record Plant Studios in Hollywood, California as a 9-1-1 call was made. When paramedics arrived, Brown allegedly refused to receive treatment and also refused to be transported to the local hospital. The next day, Brown's representative reported the seizure was caused by "intense fatigue and extreme emotional stress, both due to the continued onslaught of unfounded legal matters and the nonstop negativity." On November 20, 2013, Brown was sentenced to an anger management rehabilitation center for three months, putting the December 2013 release of X in jeopardy. To "hold [fans] over until [the X album] drops," Brown released a mixtape, titled X Files on November 19, 2013. Brown revealed in 2022, that at the time, when he was on the way to go to the counseling, he received a phone call from Prince, that told him to "don't lose focus", wanting a conversation with him about "being special". Brown described the phone call as "one of [his] most influential" moments. On February 22, 2014, it was announced that the album would be released on Brown's birthday, May 5, 2014. On April 14, 2014, Brown released a teaser of the new track "Don't Be Gone Too Long" featuring Ariana Grande. However, at his May 9, 2014, court date, Brown was ordered to serve 131 days in jail for his probation violation, and the collaboration ended up never being released, furthermore, the album was again delayed due to Brown's prison sentence. While incarcerated, the album's fourth single, "Loyal", became one of Brown's most successful songs, by selling over six million copies in the US, and peaking in the top 10 of the US Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart. Brown said in a 2022 interview, that following his release from jail he experienced more episodes of fans explaining to him how some of his records helped them through life-changing situations, making him realize that he was making music for an "actual purpose". "New Flame" featuring Usher and Rick Ross was later released as the album's final single. The title track "X" was released as an instant-gratification track alongside the album pre-order on iTunes on August 25, 2014. Brown's sixth studio album, X was released on September 16, 2014. The album received positive reviews from critics, that considered it a big improvement compared to its critically panned predecessor Fortune. Brad Wete of Billboard reviewing X described Brown as "a talent whose skill for hit singles and agile performances is only matched by his knack for cannonballing into career-threatening pools of legal and PR problems", At the 2015 Grammy Awards, the album was nominated for the Best Urban Contemporary Album, while "New Flame" was nominated for Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song. Commercially, the album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 selling 146,000 copies in its first week, becoming his sixth consecutive top ten debut in the US. X has been certified double platinum by the RIAA. Pushing the promotion for the album further, Brown performed and appeared at several televised music events and music festivals across the US. On February 24, 2015, Brown released his first collaborative studio album with Tyga, titled Fan of a Fan: The Album. The album was a follow-up to the pairs' 2010 mixtape Fan of a Fan, and its lead single "Ayo" received commercial success. In early 2015, Brown also embarked on his Between the Sheets Tour with Trey Songz. In spring 2015, Brown was featured on DJ Deorro's song "Five More Hours", which received worldwide success. On June 24, Brown released "Liquor" as the first single from his seventh studio album, titled Royalty, being dedicated to his daughter. On October 16, he revealed the album cover. On October 13, 2015, Brown announced that Royalty would be released on November 27, 2015. After it was revealed that the album has been pushed back to December 18, 2015, in exchange on November 27, 2015, he released a free 34-track mixtape called Before the Party as a prelude to Royalty, which features guest appearances from Rihanna, Wiz Khalifa, Pusha T, Kelly Rowland, Wale, Tyga, French Montana and Fetty Wap. The mixtape is composed by previously unreleased tracks that Brown recorded in different studio sessions between 2012 and 2015. Royalty was released on December 18, 2015, and debuted at number 3 on the US Billboard 200, selling 184,000 units in its first week. Brown directed and released eight music videos for the songs of Royalty, serializing them to construct a linear story. According to Iyana Robertson of Vibe, Brown on the album "sticks to the absence of a sonic script", showcasing "a pure, palpable display of an “outside of the box” approach to music". Robertson said that lyrically the album "waves goodbye to amour on its way out the door", noting it to be a "stark contrast to 2014’s X, which included professions of affection". 2016–2017: Heartbreak on a Full Moon Brown started working and recording tracks for his next album few weeks before the release of Royalty, in late 2015. From the first days of 2016, Brown started to preview on his social media accounts several unreleased songs from his recording sessions. In March 2016, he collaborated again with Italian DJ Benny Benassi, for the song "Paradise" from the latter's album Danceaholic. On May 3, he announced the single "Grass Ain't Greener", showing its cover art and announcing it as the first single from a new album titled Heartbreak on a Full Moon. The single was released on May 5, 2016. On July 7, after the 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers, Brown released on his SoundCloud page two piano ballads, "My Friend" and "A Lot of Love", saying that the songs are "released for free for anybody dealing with injustice or struggle in their lives." In 2016, the singer released two hip-hop collaborative mixtapes with his OHB crew, Before the Trap: Nights in Tarzana and Attack the Block. Throughout 2016 and 2017, he continued sharing several snippets from songs that he was recording. He also built a recording studio inside of his home to work on the album. During this period he embarked two concert tours as well: the European leg of the One Hell of a Nite Tour in 2016, and The Party Tour in 2017. On December 16, 2016, he released the second official single from the album, "Party", featuring guest vocals from American R&B singer Usher and rapper Gucci Mane. Around this time, Brown decided to create Heartbreak on a Full Moon as a 40-track album. Talking about this decision, he stated in a 2017 interview that he wanted to "outdo expectations" and "push the boundaries on artistry". RCA Records, the record label of the singer, initially wasn't agreeable of satisfying Brown's intentions to make a 40-track album, thinking that it would've damaged its commercial performance, but the singer ended up convincing them. "Privacy" was later released as the album's third single. On June 7 he released Welcome to My Life, a self-documentary focused on his life and career, directed by Andrew Sandler. Numerous celebrities participated in the movie, describing Brown from a personal and professional point of view. Among them there are Jennifer Lopez, Mike Tyson, Rita Ora, Usher and Tyga. On August 4, 2017, he released the album's fourth single, the trap song "Pills & Automobiles", featuring fellow American rappers Yo Gotti, A Boogie wit da Hoodie, and Kodak Black, while shortly after he released the fifth single, "Questions". On October 25, 2017, Brown organized with Tidal a free pop-up concert in New York City to perform the singles on the album and promote it. Heartbreak on a Full Moon was eventually released as a double-disc album on October 31, 2017, via digital retailers and onto CD, three days later by RCA Records. He explained the concept for the album in August 2017 during an interview for Complex, saying: "I thought Heartbreak on a Full Moon was a depiction of what my soul wanted to say. It's funny because we're doing a double album. I've done so many records, but all of the records, to me, are personal favorites and I feel like it gets what I want to say across". Cultural critic and media personality Joe Budden defined Heartbreak on a Full Moon as his best album. Despite being counted for only three days of sales, Heartbreak on a Full Moon debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200, becoming Brown's ninth consecutive top 10 album on the chart. One week after its release Heartbreak on a Full Moon was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for combined sales and album-equivalent units of over 500,000 units in the US, and Brown became the first R&B male artist that went gold in a week since Usher's Confessions in 2004. In 2019 the album has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. On December 13, 2017, he released a 12-track surprise deluxe edition of the album, titled Cuffing Season – 12 Days of Christmas. Brown eventually embarked on his US "Heartbreak on a Full Moon Tour" in June 2018 to further promote the album. The opening acts for the tour were 6lack, H.E.R., Rich the Kid, and Jacquees. 2018–2019: Indigo On January 31, 2018, shortly after President Donald Trump's 2020 State of the Union Address, Brown released for free the track "State of the Union", a ballad where he expresses a message about social harmony. In February 2018, Brown and rapper Joyner Lucas announced an upcoming collaboration project, titled Angels & Demons, with the release of the single "Stranger Things". However, the project ended up never being released. On March 15, 2018, Brown was featured on Lil Dicky's hit single "Freaky Friday". The song became one of the most successful comedy songs in contemporary pop music, topping the charts in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, also entering the top 10 in the US. Following the end of the "Heartbreak on a Full Moon" tour, Brown started to work on his ninth album, Indigo. On January 4, 2019, Brown released "Undecided" as its lead single. "Undecided" saw Brown reunite with producer Scott Storch, who previously worked with Brown in 2005 on his breakout hit "Run It!". The single marked Brown's first release after signing an extension and a new license agreement with RCA Records, that gave him the owning of his master recordings, making him one of the youngest artists to do so at the age of 29. On April 11, he released the second single off the album, "Back to Love". Andy Kellman of AllMusic described the song as a "career highlight", although it failed to chart in the US. The third single, "Wobble Up", was released a week later, featuring Nicki Minaj and G-Eazy, and a summer tour with Nicki Minaj was announced, but ended up never happening. On April 25, he appeared on a track with Marshmello and Tyga called "Light It Up". On May 2, Brown revealed the list of artists featured on Indigo, including Nicki Minaj, Tory Lanez, Tyga, Justin Bieber, Juicy J, Juvenile, H.E.R, Tank, Lil Jon, Lil Wayne, Joyner Lucas, Gunna and Drake. The announcement of the Drake collaboration sparked headlines, due to their public feud that lasted for several years. On May 31, he appeared on the commercially successful single "Easy", where he duetted with singer DaniLeigh. On June 8, Brown released "No Guidance" featuring Drake as a single. It debuted at number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100, making it Brown's 15th top-ten song, and later peaked at number five. The single won Best Collaboration Performance, Best Dance Performance and Song of the Year at the 2019 Soul Train Music Awards and received a nomination for Best R&B Song at the 62nd Grammy Awards. Indigo was eventually released on June 28, 2019, marking Brown's second double album. Musically, the album explored his R&B roots, and other genres such as Afrobeats, pop, dancehall and bounce music. According to A.D. Amorosi of The Inquirer, the album's themes mix spiritual awakening with sexuality. In the US, Indigo debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 with 108,000 album-equivalent units, which included 28,000 pure album sales in its first week, making it his third number-one album in the country. Indigo was further promoted with the release of the single "Heat", which topped the Billboard Rhythmic Airplay chart, and earned Brown his 13th number one on the chart, and second during 2019. On October 4, 2019, Brown eventually released a deluxe version of Indigo entitled Indigo Extended, which included 10 additional songs, making the extended version a total of 42 songs. On June 10, 2019, Brown announced an official headlining concert tour "Indigoat Tour" in which he performed the album throughout the US. The tour began on August 20 and ended on October 19. Jay Cridlin of Tampa Bay Times attended the Tampa concert, and reviewing it he said it was "a guilty pleasure", wondering if enjoying his stage presence should be wrong, considering the controversies surrounding his public figure, expressing "At what point do we -- can we, should we -- forget about the blowups and restraining orders, and just marvel at the way Brown splits into a backflip and kick-spins a 360 during 'Drunk Texting'?". The "Indigoat Tour" grossed over $30,100,000 in its 37 shows, selling out most of the venues. At the end of the year, Brown was ranked third on Billboard’s "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Decade" for the 2010s, behind Rihanna and Drake in second and first, respectively. 2020–2023: Breezy In December 2019, Brown revealed that he started working on new material for his tenth studio album. Later, on April 29, 2020, Brown announced the release of a collaborative mixtape with Young Thug, Slime & B. The mixtape was released on May 5, 2020, and features the hit single "Go Crazy", which peaked at number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Brown's first song to spend one full year on the chart. In April 2021, "Go Crazy" broke the record for the longest running No. 1 song on R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, a record that was previously held by Brown's 2019 hit single "No Guidance". On May 1, 2020, Brown was featured on Drake's Dark Lane Demo Tapes mixtape, on the track "Not You Too". The song earned Brown his 100th career entry on the US Billboard Hot 100, debuting at number 25. On July 9, 2020, Brown announced via Instagram that the title of his tenth album would be Breezy, a reference to his stage nickname. Also in July, Brown stated that while working on the album he wanted to make some "really endearing music" that "talk to women's soul". On August 2, 2021, he announced on his Instagram account that his Breezy album would be accompanied by a short film of the same name, however it ended up never happening. On January 14, 2022, he released the single "Iffy", which peaked to #1 of the Rhythmic Radio Chart on April 3, 2022. On March 27, 2022, Brown co-headined a F1 post-race concert for the 2022 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. On April 1, 2022, Brown released the album's second single "WE ". The song was listed on the "Top 5 R&B songs of 2022" list by Vibe magazine, that stated "'We' will go down in history as one of Chris Brown’s most timeless songs". On April 26, 2022, Brown announced his US summer tour "One of Them Ones" with rapper Lil Baby. The tour included 27 stops in North America and kicked off on July 15. Brown performed at Drai's After Hours Nightclub at The Cromwell Las Vegas Hotel and Casino on June 11, 2022 in Las Vegas to mark the launch of his new multi-year residency at the venue. On June 17, 2022, one week ahead of the album release, Brown released the audio for an Afrobeats collaboration with Nigerian singer Wizkid titled "Call Me Every Day". Breezy was released on June 24, 2022, by RCA Records and CBE and debuted at number four on the Billboard 200. On July 8, an expanded version of the album with nine new songs was released. At the 65th Grammy Awards, the deluxe edition of Breezy was nominated for Best R&B Album, but lost to Robert Glasper's Black Radio III. Following Glasper's winning, Brown publicly attacked him and The Recording Academy on his social media accounts, later apologizing to the American musician, congratulating him for the accolade, stating he was not the intended target. On September 4, 2022, Brown won international artiste of the year at the 15th annual Headies awards. The category is designed for non-African artists or groups with outstanding achievements and impact on Afrobeats. In the summer of 2022, his song "Under the Influence", contained in the extended edition of his 2019 album Indigo, went viral on the TikTok platform, giving the song great commercial success globally. With "Under the Influence", Brown became the first R&B singer in history to chart over fifty top 40 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. On October 14, 2022, Brown appeared as a special guest at Usher's Las Vegas Residency to perform few songs. At the end of his performance Usher told Brown: "You're a legend. We love you and we gon' continue to keep lifting you up". On November 16, 2022, Brown released two Christmas themed songs, "No Time Like Christmas" and "It's Giving Christmas". On November 18, 2022, Brown took to his Instagram page to announce that the American Music Awards had canceled his scheduled tribute performance to Michael Jackson in celebration of the 40th anniversary of the 1982 album Thriller. Brown also shared rehearsal footage of the cancelled tribute and stated the performance was cancelled for unknown reasons. The cancelled tribute prompted backlash against the AMAs from fans and industry peers alike. Jermaine Dupri stated the decision to pull the tribute signals something grave for celebration of Black music stating that "If the American Music Awards canceled the Chris Brown performance, then that means they canceled the 40th anniversary of Thriller. Which means they canceled the Michael Jackson tribute. Black Music, we in trouble." Similarly John Branca, the co-executor of the Michael Jackson Estate stated that the AMAs should be ashamed of themselves and that the cancellation is an attack on Black Music. Following the global success of "Under the Influence", the title of the song gave its name to the European tour that Brown subsequently embarked in 2023, the "Under the Influence Tour", which registered sold out during all the 24 arena dates scheduled, with 7 additional dates being later added, also registering sold out. The tour included six nights at London's O2 Arena, three nights at Accor Arena in Paris, three nights at Ziggo Dome in Amsterdam and more. Prior to the start of the "Under The Influence Tour", the original opening act Skillibeng withdrew from the tour and was replaced by South African singer Tyla. The tour marked Brown's first tour in Europe since the 2016 European leg of his One Hell of a Nite Tour. The tour also marked Brown's first concerts in the United Kingdom following the revoking of his ban from entering the country implemented in 2010. In January 2023, Brown surpassed Elvis Presley for the most RIAA gold-certified singles among all male vocalists in history, after previously passing Presley for the most Billboard Hot 100 entries among all male vocalists. In March 2023, Brown became the fifth artist in Billboard's history to reach 10 No. 1s on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart with his hit record Under the Influence. Additionally, Brown earned his 18th No. 1 on the Billboard's Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart with Under the Influence. Making him the artist with the third most No. 1s on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart behind Drake and Lil Wayne in first and second, respectively. In April 2023, Brown co-headlined Rolling Loud Thailand in its inaugural year, alongside Travis Scott and Cardi B. On August 4, 2023, the single "How We Roll" in collaboration with Ciara was released. On August 27, 2023, Brown headlined a one off concert from Jamaica National Stadium, titled Chris Brown and Friends Live In Jamaica, as apart his 'Under the Influence Tour'. 2023–present: 11:11 In June 2023, Brown released "Summer Too Hot", the lead single of his eleventh album. The song was nominated at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards for Best R&B Performance. Brown announced that his next album would be titled 11:11, revealing the album's concept being connected to the homonym numerological belief. Moreover, he shared that the album will contain 11 songs, a much shorter tracklist than his previous albums Heartbreak on a Full Moon, Indigo, and Breezy. On October 20, 2023, Brown released the Afrobeats song "Sensational" featuring Nigerian artists Lojay and Davido, as 11:11's second single. Sensational eventually peaked at #1 on both Urban and Rhythmic radio, as well as on Billboard Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay Chart. The single also helped Lojay and Davido earn their first Billboard Hot 100 entry. On September 8, 2023, Brown alongside Mariah the Scientist appeared as featured artists on Tee Grizzley single IDGAF. IDGAF eventually peaked at #1 on Urban radio and helped Mariah the Scientist earn her first Billboard Hot 100 entry. On October 21, 2023, Brown clarified that the album would actually contain 22 songs as opposed to the 11 he had stated previously. On November 6, 2023, Brown confirmed that there would be 7 featured artists on the album, including Lojay, Davido, Future, Fridayy, Byron Messia and 2 other artists who were listed as hidden features prior to its release. On November 7, 2023, Brown released the single "Nightmares" featuring Byron Messia. On November 9, he announced that 11:11 would be released on November 10, a day earlier than what previously announced. A few hours before the release of 11:11, its last track was changed from the previously announced "Double Negative", which features Justin Bieber, to a track called "Views". Brown explained the last minute change on his Instagram account on the album's release day with the following statement: "Double negative unfortunately did not make the deadline in time with the lawyers, so we couldn't put it on the album. Justin my little brother for life, so we will make that moment happen soon. Sorry to the fans that really wanted it to be on the album". 11:11 was released on November 10, 2023. The album marks Brown's third double album, with its two sides containing 11 tracks each. The album's musical style mixes R&B, pop music, Afrobeats and dancehall. Reviewing 11:11, Kayla Sandiford of Renowned for Sound stated that on the record "Brown does well to demonstrate his dynamic vocal quality". In the US, 11:11 debuted at number nine on the US Billboard 200, making it his 12th consecutive top-ten album in the country. 11:11 marks the lowest debut for a Chris Brown's solo studio album on the US Billboard 200, surpassing Graffiti which debuted at number seven on the chart. Towards the end of 2023, Brown headlined different concerts in the Middle East. The singer addressed the ongoing war in Gaza at the end of a Dubai, UAE concert, saying there's ‘a lot of evil and a lot of genocide going on in the world right now’, urging his audience, particularly the younger generation, to embrace love and positivity and expressed his appreciation for the support of his fans using words in Arabic. ‘InshaAllah, mashaAllah, I love you,’ he said. In December 2023, Vevo reported that Brown was the 6th most watched artist in the US and 10th most watched artist globally for the 2023 calendar year, amassing 413.7 million views in the US and 1.4 billion views globally. In January 2024, with Tee Grizzley's single "IDGAF" featuring Chris Brown and Mariah the Scientist, he became the first artist in the 21st century to have charted on the Billboard Hot 100 for twenty consecutive years . On March 5, 2024, Brown announced "The 11:11 Tour", a North American arena tour featuring singers Ayra Starr, Muni Long and Maeta as supporting acts. On April 11, 2024, the singer released 11:11 , the expanded edition of his eleventh album, containing 13 additional tracks and features from Lil Wayne, Bryson Tiller, Davido, Joyner Lucas, Tee Grizzley and Mario. Among the tracks contained, the song "Freak" features a verse where the singer directly disses American rapper Quavo. The rapper responded the following day with "Tender", a diss track aimed at Brown, leading the latter to release "Weakest Link" the following week. HipHopDX praised Brown's rapping on "Weakest Link", adding that the singer "has taken his disdain for Quavo to a whole different level with the release of ['Weakest Link'], on which he takes some deeply personal shots at his adversary". Jaelani Turner-Williams of Complex called the diss song “shocking”, describing how the singer “fired more lethal shots at Quavo on his new track, concerning fans about the possibility of their beef getting physical.” From May 17 to June 5, Brown released four consecutive music videos in the span of four weeks for the following songs off the 11:11 : "Go Girlfriend", "Press Me", "Feel Something" and "Hmmm" featuring Davido. On March 27, 2025, Brown announced a stadium world tour titled the "Breezy Bowl XX" with special guests Summer Walker and Bryson Tiller, to celebrate the 20th anniversary of his self-titled album. Artistry Influences Brown has cited a number of artists as his inspiration, predominantly Michael Jackson. Brown emphasizes "Michael Jackson is the reason why I do music and why I am an entertainer." In "She Ain't You", "Fine China" and "Back to Love", he exemplifies Jackson's influence both musically and visually. Ebony magazine's Britini Danielle asserted that "Fine China" was "reminiscent of Michael Jackson's Off the Wall". Choreographically, MTV noticed that it "takes distinct visual cues from classic clips like 'Smooth Criminal' and 'Beat It'", while Billboard complimented his appearance by calling it "a modern way to channel the King of Pop". Usher is also another influence who comes across as a more contemporary figure for Brown. He tells Vibe magazine "He was the one who the youngsters looked up to. I know that we, in the dancing and singing world, looked up to him", and maintains "If it wasn't for Usher, then Chris Brown couldn't exist". Other influences include Marvin Gaye, Sam Cooke, Ginuwine, Phil Collins, Bobby Brown and R. Kelly. He has cited Naughty by Nature, Tupac, Lil' Wayne and Rakim as his hip-hop influences. Musical style Brown's musical style typically blends the traditional sound of R&B with different influences from other genres, most importantly pop and hip-hop. His pure side of R&B is densely shown throughout his discography, being exemplified by songs like "No BS", "Don't Judge Me", "Back to Sleep" and "WE ". Music critics have commended Brown's musical contribution, recognizing his versatility, and considering him an evolver of R&B music. Lyana Robertson of Vibe, talking about his introduction to the genre, said: "As traditional R&B flourished around him, the young singer began an evolution of the genre". She saw his debut single "Run It!" as a "prelude to what Brown would continue to do for the next decade: relentlessly disrupt the constructs of rhythm and blues." By his second album Exclusive, she says he was "tapping more electric up-tempos, swimming deep in hip-hop waters and annihilating the pop arena". Describing the Grammy Award winning F.A.M.E. as "his most diverse offering to date", containing songs that mixed many genres including R&B, pop, hip-hop, dancehall, rock and Europop, she remarked, "There was no level of musical flexibility comparable. There still isn't." F.A.M.E. is considered to be the album that defined Brown's musical style and persona. Fortune was noted for featuring a more electronic musical direction, containing genres such as house music and EDM. According to AllMusic, different tracks of the X album are "soul-driven", while on others "Brown combines memorable hooks with some stellar production work on rubbery disco-funk". Disco and funk are also showcased on singles like "Zero" and "Fine China". Royalty and Heartbreak on a Full Moon further explored alternative R&B and trap, with the latter also containing dancehall records. Throughout his career Brown has always had a strong influence from hip-hop in his music, and following his 2010 mixtapes, he approached the genre differently, starting to rap frequently on mixtapes and features, adding to his albums fully hip-hop songs like "Look at Me Now", "Till I Die" and "Pills & Automobiles", or by doing performances that switch from his R&B singing to his rapping, like he did in several tracks from his album Heartbreak on a Full Moon. His dance-pop side in the single Forever" off his second album Exclusive opened the door for other Europop songs like "Yeah 3x", "Beautiful People", "Turn Up the Music" and "Don't Wake Me Up", but started to be less present in his music from his album X. On the albums Indigo and 11:11 Brown incorporated Afrobeats in his music. Themes Brown's lyrical production is typically considered to be "emotional" or "hedonistic". His songs mainly cover themes of sexuality, desire, regret, romantic love, heartbreak, recklessness and internal conflict, also having some introspections over the dark side of celebrity. Along with his vocal and dancing abilities, his songwriting is considered to be one of the things that distincts him for the better compared to other R&B singers of his time. American media executive and radio personality Ebro Darden stated that Brown is the "most all-around talented person in R&B. Trey Songz is talented, but he can't dance like Chris Brown. Usher is probably the only one that could come close to him, but he doesn't have the songwriting abilities that Chris Brown has." Brown said in 2013, during an interview for Rolling Stone, that his songs are always "derived from personal experiences. Then again, I always like mixing reality with art." Billboard reviewing Royalty found its content to be "an art imitating life thing". Vulture's writer Craig Jenkins, while reviewing Heartbreak on a Full Moon, noted in its "breakup tracks" a usage of "shattered, jilted reflection", while the sexual records' lyrics were described for being explicit. Voice Brown possesses a light lyric tenor voice, which spans three and a half octaves, rising from the bass F♯ to its peak at the soprano C♯. His vocal ability was first recognized by his mother at a young age, as Brown tells People magazine, "I was 11 and watching Usher perform 'My Way', and I started trying to mimic it. My mom was like, 'You can sing?' And I was like, 'Well, yeah, Mama.'" subsequently leading to the start of his career. "Take You Down" most notably earned him a Grammy award nomination for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 2009. Often described as a dynamic vocalist, Brown's vocal performances are characterized by harmonization, vocal runs and melisma. Stereogum stated that "Brown’s voice is an undeniably powerful instrument, one of those endlessly elastic soulful tenors, and he knows exactly how to flex it without flaunting it". While his voice on his first two albums, Chris Brown and Exclusive, was considered to be "youthful", due to his age, with subsequent projects like Graffiti and F.A.M.E. it was noted for maturing to a more distinctive voice, with Brown "coming into his own as a singer". On F.A.M.E. critics noted huge flexibility in his voice, with Steve Jones of USA Today praising the singer's ability to "give top notch vocal performances in R&B, Europop, rap, rock and acoustic records". X and Indigo were noted for displaying his timbre, exemplifying his singing performances. According to Billboard, his singles "Liquor" and "Go Crazy" are representative of Brown's harmonizing. "Lost & Found", "Time for Love", "No Guidance" and "Red", feature "energic" vocal performances, being noted for displaying a "wide emotional range" in his singing. On "Another Round", "Don't Judge Me" and "It Won't Stop", he showcases "soft vocals" through a "soothing tone". According to Slant Magazine, different tracks from his Heartbreak on a Full Moon album showcase the singer's falsetto, being "a reminder that Brown’s voice is capable of sublime beauty". Jake Indiana of Highsnobiety said that his feature on Kanye West's song "Waves" is one of his best vocal performances, and that it "sounds like ascending to heaven with a choir of angels at your back". On "Look at Me Now", "No Romeo No Juliet" and "Stranger Things" he displayed his ability of fast-rapping. Dancing Brown's dancing abilities and stage presence are widely praised, receiving broad comparisons to those of Michael Jackson. According to Brown, he taught himself how to dance by imitating Jackson's moves since childhood, then developing his own distinct style throughout his career. Brown also mentioned MC Hammer as an inspiration to his dancing style. Most of his music videos feature complex choreographies, including the "futuristic" "Turn Up the Music", the Jackson-inspired choreography of "Fine China", "Zero", where he displayed different dancing styles, including popping and his "signature spin move", "Party", where he showcased his remarked footwork, and "Heat", described by The Source as a "silky smooth choreography that shows Brown's unmatchable dancing talent". Some of his most notable dancing live performances include his "Thriller" recreation at the 2006 World Music Awards, his medley at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, where he performed a choreography that included flying parts, and his 2015 freestyled dancing over Future's "March Madness" at the Vestival The Hague Malieveld, that included an acclaimed front-flip. In films such as Stomp the Yard and Battle of the Year, Brown displayed his ability to breakdance while in-character. Street art Aside from his musical career, Brown was noted for markedly producing graffiti art. His visual works have been described as "manga-inspired" and "abstract". Brown said that he painted since his childhood, saying "my first approach with it was painting school walls" saying that he has always been captivated by the fact that drawing and painting "gives you the chance to express yourself in whatever way, showing to the world your own dimension". Brown has produced street art under the pseudonym Konfused, partnering with street artist Kai to produce works for the Miami Basel. The singer painted the buildings of different radio stations such as Hot 97 . In 2015 he worked on some of the walls of The Grammy Museum, mixing his spray paint drawings with images of James Brown, Prince, Michael Jackson and himself. Brown has made graffiti works for different cities worldwide, including Los Angeles, London and Amsterdam. His painting and dancing abilities were shown at the same time when Brown, partnering with Spotify's Rap Caviar, painted Heartbreak on a Full Moon's album cover, mostly from dancing around the canvas. In 2020 he painted a mural in memory of Kobe Bryant, doing a portray that includes Kobe's face, a mamba, and a few pictures of Kobe dribbling and dunking a basketball. Acting Brown has also pursued an acting career. In 2007, he made his on-screen feature film debut as a supporting role in the dance drama Stomp the Yard and took a leading role in the Christmas comedy film This Christmas . He portrayed Will Tutt in three episodes on the Fox television series The O.C. in 2007. He also guest starred as himself on the children's programs Sesame Street in 2007, The Suite Life of Zack & Cody in 2008, and in the Comedy Central series Tosh.O in 2011. He has continued to act inconsistently in films such as the heist thriller, Takers , which he also executive produced, the romantic comedy Think Like a Man , and the dance film Battle of the Year . He produced and starred in a documentary on himself entitled Welcome to My Life . Reviewing the documentary, Rachel Leah of Salon talked about what the singer said on domestic violence, stating: "Chris Brown's actions are inexcusable, but what he says about male violence is vital". Brown returned to film playing a supporting role in the sports comedy film She Ball . He also made a guest starring appearance as a rapper in the ABC sitcom Black-ish in the Season 3 episode, "Richard Youngster". The episode received controversy and criticism for its casting of Brown with Caroline Framke of Vox writing, "Casting Brown as the linchpin of an episode all about double standards and oblivious men doing wrong by black women is astonishingly tone-deaf — and a major misstep from a show that usually makes a point of knowing better." The show's creator Kenya Barris defended Brown's casting saying, "We wanted someone to play a troubled music star, which he was... It had been 10 years since the Rihanna incident, which happened when he was a kid, basically, 19 years old, I saw him out, and he was very contrite and wanted to do something. I felt like, let’s do that." Achievements and awards In terms of music sales and accolades, Brown is one of the most commercially successful and award-winning artists in R&B music, often being referred to by contemporaries as the "King of R&B". As of 2023, Brown has sold over 140 million records worldwide, making him one of the world's best-selling music artists. He is also one of the highest-grossing African American touring artists of all time. Brown is also one of the best selling digital artists of all time. As of 2024, Brown has certified 114.5 million digital singles in the US, which is the most of any male R&B singer in history and tied for 11th overall among all artists across genres. Brown has sold over 40 million albums worldwide since his debut, including 18 million in the US. In May 2019, Brown surpassed James Brown, for the most Billboard Hot 100 entries among R&B singers. In May 2020, Brown became the first R&B artist in history to achieve 100 entries on the Billboard Hot 100. Subsequently in July 2022, Brown surpassed Elvis Presley, for the most Billboard Hot 100 entries among male singers. Also in July 2022, Brown overtook singer The Weeknd for the most charted songs on Billboard’s nearly 10-year-old Hot R&B Songs chart. Brown also has the third most top 10 entries on the Billboard Hot R&B Songs among all artists. In September 2022, Brown became the first R&B singer in history to chart over 50 top 40 hits on the Billboard Hot 100. He achieved the record by earning his 51st top 40 hit with his single "Under the Influence". As of 2023, Brown is in a 3-way tie with Rihanna, Eminem and Future for 9th most top 40 hits on the Hot 100 with 52. Moreover, Brown holds the record for the most consecutive charting weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 among all male R&B artists with a streak of 161 weeks. This streak ranks ninth overall among artists across all genres. In January 2023, Brown broke Elvis Presley's record for the most gold certified singles by the Recording Industry Association of America among all male vocalists. He did so after scoring his 56th gold-certified single with "Call Me Everyday". In February 2023, Brown became the first male vocalist in RIAA history to score 20 multi-platinum singles in the US. At the time of the record, only 8 acts in history had scored 20 or more multi-platinum singles in the US throughout their careers, with Brown being the only male vocalist and male R&B artist in the group. In November 2024, Brown became the first male vocalist in RIAA history to score over 40 platinum singles in the US. To provide an overall picture of Brown's chart success, Billboard ranked him third overall in the top R&B/Hip-Hop artists of the 2010s decade. He was only surpassed on the list by Drake and Rihanna in first and second, respectively, and held the highest rank among male R&B artists. In January 2024, Brown became the first artist in the 21st century to have charted on the Billboard Hot 100 for at least 20 distinct and consecutive calendar years. In terms of radio success and achievements, Brown is tied with Beyoncé for the 4th most #1's on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. Moreover, Brown has 53 top 10 entries on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, which is the most among all R&B artists and the 2nd most among all artists, behind Drake Brown also holds the record for the two longest running #1 hits on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay since the chart was first established in 1992. In January 2020, Brown initially set the record for longest running #1 on this chart with his 2019 single "No Guidance", which remained #1 for 27 weeks. The following year, Brown broke his own record for the longest running #1, with his 2020 single "Go Crazy", which remained #1 for 28 weeks. Moreover, Brown has the 3rd most #1's on the Billboard Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart with 18, which is the most among all R&B artists and 3rd most among all artists behind Drake and Lil Wayne in 1st and 2nd, respectively. On the Billboard Rhythmic Airplay chart, Brown is in a 4-way tie with Usher, The Weeknd and Bruno Mars for 3rd most #1 singles on the chart with 13. Brown has a total of 117 entries on the Rhythmic Airplay chart, which is the most among all R&B artists and the 2nd most among all artists, behind Drake. In terms of awards and accolades, Brown has won a total of 209 awards from 534 nominations over the course of his career. Among which include two Grammy Awards, 19 BET Awards, 4 BET Hip Hop Awards, 5 Billboard Music Awards, 5 American Music Awards, 60 ASCAP Awards, 49 BMI Awards,14 Soul Train Music Awards, 3 MTV Video Music Awards, 1 MTV Australian Award, 3 iHeartRadio Music Awards, 1 iHeartRadio Titanium Award, 1 International Dance Music Award, 1 Kora Award, 2 MOBO Awards, 1 TRL Award, 4 NAACP Image Awards, 2 Nickelodean Awards, 2 People's Choice Awards, 1 Ozone Award, 7 Teen Choice Awards, 8 Urban Music Awards, 38 Vevo Certified Awards, 1 World Music Award, 1 Headies. Brown is the second most decorated artist in the history of the BET Awards, behind Beyonce. Brown is also tied with Bruno Mars as the second most decorated artist in the history of the Soul Train Awards, behind Beyonce. Brown is tied with Rihanna for the seventh most Vevo Certified Awards with 38 and holds the record for the most Vevo certifications among male R&B artists. Moreover, Brown was ranked fourth among the top 10 highest performing US artists on Vevo of the 2010s decade, behind Taylor Swift, Eminem, and Justin Bieber in first, second and third, respectively. Lastly, Brown is the first American artist and the only R&B artist to ever win a Headies award for outstanding achievements in the Nigerian music industry. Brown won his Headies in the category of international artiste of the year, which was designed to recognize non-African artists or groups with outstanding achievements and impact on Afrobeats. Personal life Relationships From 2007 to 2009, Brown dated singer Rihanna until their highly publicized domestic violence case. In 2010, Brown briefly dated professional model Jasmine Sanders. In 2011, Brown briefly dated media personality Draya Michele. Later during the same year, Brown began dating Karrueche Tran. In February 2012, Rihanna and Brown released remixes to their singles "Turn Up the Music" and "Birthday Cake", leading observers to speculate about their relationship. In January 2013, Rihanna confirmed that she and Brown had resumed their romantic relationship, stating, "It's different now. We don't have those types of arguments anymore. We talk about shit. We value each other. We know exactly what we have now, and we don't want to lose that." Speaking of Brown, Rihanna also said, "He's not the monster everybody thinks. He's a good person. He has a fantastic heart. He's giving and loving. And he's fun to be around. That's what I love about him – he always makes me laugh. All I want to do is laugh, really – and I do that with him". Rihanna and Brown collaborated again on "Nobody's Business", a duet song off Rihanna's Unapologetic album. The song was noted by critics as a public response by the couple towards the public perception of their intimacy. In a May 2013 interview, Brown stated that he and Rihanna had broken up again. He subsequently reunited with Tran but they split up shortly aftwards. Brown is the father of one son and two daughters. Religion When discussing his upbringing, Brown stated, "We were used to two pairs of shoes for a school year. We used to go to church every day. I was one of those kids that had more church clothes than school clothes." He has also discussed his second work of grace, saying that "he experienced the Holy Ghost while performing 'His Eye Is on the Sparrow' in church". After being released from jail on June 2, 2014, Brown wrote that he was "Humbled and Blessed" and tweeted the words "Thank you GOD." In 2015, he said during an interview for Vibe, that God is the only thing that he is afraid of. Speaking about prayers he said "I pray everyday, I think we pray unconsciously too. Personally I don't pray for success. I pray for knowledge for understanding and peace of mind. I really try to pray for that because it's a big world, and you can get wrapped up in it trying to please every city. So I just try to get a peace of mind and me understanding that being at peace with my flaws and my talents. I'm cool with that. That's why I think once He shows me certain things, or even the choices that I make, and decisions that I make that are healthy for me. He shows me the right path. When I bless other people, He always blesses me. It's not even about a self-serving journey; it's about just learning. I want to learn people's experiences. I want to give them experiences too." Mental health Despite his commercial success and stardom, Brown has long struggled with mental health issues and addiction. In his Welcome to My Life documentary, Brown revealed that he had contemplated suicide following the Rihanna incident. The singer unveiled, during a 2013 interview with The Guardian, that he lost his virginity at the age of 8 to a girl who was 14 or 15 at the time, justifying the episode with the countryside context in which he grew up. In 2013, Brown was sentenced to 90 days in rehab by a Los Angeles Superior Court judge to fulfill the terms of his probation for the Rihanna incident. While at the rehab facility, Brown was formally diagnosed with bipolar II disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. The rehab facility stated that Brown will require close supervision by a physician "to ensure his bipolar mental health condition remains stable. It is not uncommon for patients with post-traumatic stress disorder and bipolar II to use substances to self-medicate their biochemical mood swings and trauma triggers". The clinical team at the rehab facility also attributed Brown's aggression to his untreated mental health disorder, severe sleep deprivation, inappropriate self-medicating and untreated PTSD. In a 2014 interview with radio personality Ebro Darden, Brown revealed that prior to his 2013 incarceration, he used “the syrup, the Xanax,” and added that while marijuana offset his hyperactive tendencies, "once I started doing the lean, the other stuff … I'd be sitting in the [recording] booth sleeping." In 2017, Billboard wrote an investigative article about Brown's mental health issues and addiction. According to what ex-members of his team told Billboard, around April 2015 he had broken a 15-month stretch of sobriety, going out on Xanax and lean, spiraling into a more frequent drug use in the first months of 2016. Former members of Brown's team also told Billboard that he was using cocaine, Xanax, marijuana, molly and lean. Additionally, his former security guards revealed that certain nights they had to check Brown's pulse through the night while he slept to ensure he had not overdosed. Legal issues Domestic violence case with Rihanna At around 12:30 a.m. on February 8, 2009, Brown and his then-girlfriend, singer Rihanna, had an argument that escalated into physical violence, with Brown causing Rihanna visible severe facial injuries which required hospitalization. Brown turned himself in to the Los Angeles Police Department's Wilshire station at 6:30 p.m. and was booked under suspicion of making criminal threats. On June 22, 2009, Brown pleaded guilty to felony assault and accepted a plea deal of community labor, five years of probation, and domestic violence counseling. On August 25, Brown received five years of probation. He was ordered to attend one year of domestic violence counseling and undergo six months of community service; the judge retained a five-year restraining order on Brown, which required him to remain 50 yards away from Rihanna, reduced to 10 yards at public events. In February 2011, at request of Brown's and Rihanna's lawyers, Mark Geragos and Donald Eltra, Judge Patricia Schnegg modified the restraining order to a "level one order", allowing both singers to appear at awards shows together in the future. While conducting his community service in Virginia, Brown was tested positive for cannabis and appeared in court on September 25, 2012, at which his hearing date was changed to November to determine whether he had violated the terms of his court order. On March 20, 2015, Brown's probation ended, formally closing the felony case emanating from the Rihanna assault that happened over six years prior. Other legal issues On June 14, 2012, Drake and his entourage were involved in a scuffle with Brown at a nightclub called WIP in the SoHo neighborhood of New York City. About eight people were injured during the brawl, including San Antonio Spurs star Tony Parker, who had surgery to remove a piece of glass from his eye. Drake was not arrested. Brown's attorney alleged Drake was the instigator. Brown himself tweeted about the incident and publicly criticized Drake weeks later. In January 2013, Brown was in an altercation with Frank Ocean over a parking space outside a recording studio in West Hollywood. Police officers in Los Angeles said Brown was under investigation, describing the incident as "battery" due to Brown allegedly punching Ocean. Ocean said he would not press charges. According to Jamaican singer Sean Kingston, who was present during the altercation, Ocean and his cousin instigated the fight and were at fault. In July 2013, Brown's probation was revoked after he was involved in an alleged hit and run in Los Angeles. He was released from court and scheduled to reappear in August 2013 to learn whether he would serve time in prison. The charges would later be dropped, but Brown would have 1,000 additional hours of community service added to his probation terms. In October 2013, Brown was arrested for felony assault in Washington, D.C., after refusing to take a picture with a man, and throwing a punch that broke the man's nose. The charge was reduced to a misdemeanor. Brown spent 36 hours in a Washington jail and was taken to court in shackles. He was released and ordered to report to his California probation officer within 48 hours. On October 30, 2013, Brown voluntarily entered rehab. After Brown completed his 90 days, the judge ordered him to remain a resident at the Malibu treatment facility until a hearing on April 23, 2014. The deal was if Brown left rehab, he would go to jail. On March 14, 2014, Brown was kicked out of the rehab facility and sent to Northern Neck Regional Jail for violating internal rules. He was expected to be released on April 23, 2014, but a judge denied his release request from custody either on bail or his own recognizance. At his May 9, 2014, court date, Brown was ordered to serve 131 days in jail for his probation violation. He was sentenced to serve 365 days in custody; however, the judge gave him credit for 234 days he had already spent in rehab and jail, as well as credits for good behavior while behind bars. Brown was released from jail on June 2, 2014. In June 2016, Chris Brown was sued for assault, false imprisonment and battery by Mike G, the singer's former manager, hired in 2012 to help him repair his public image. Mike G claimed that on May 10 of that year, Brown assaulted him, locked him in a room and punched him four times in the face and neck. Subsequently, Brown accused Mike G on his social media accounts of stealing money while working for him, being fired for it, an accusation that the manager later denied. In 2019, the lawsuit was settled out of court, with Brown and the manager informing courts that both parties have reconciled their differences and reached a confidential deal. In 2017, Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran was granted a 5-year restraining order against him by a judge in Santa Monica, California, after she shared text messages and voicemails in court where Brown threatened her and demanded she return diamond rings and other gifts given during their relationship. In 2022, Brown was served copyright infringement lawsuits on three of his singles: "Privacy"; "No Guidance"; and "Pills and Automobiles". The lawsuit on the single "Privacy" was filed by UK-based music firm Greensleeves, who alleged that "Privacy" lifted a line from 1997 dancehall track "Tight Up Skirt", recorded by Red Rat. Red Rat himself wasn’t involved in the lawsuit, and publicly expressed that he was agreeable of Brown's usage of his lyric. Brown eventually reached a settlement with Greensleeves for copyright infringement. The pair of songwriters who sued Brown and Drake for copyright infringement on "No Guidance" dropped the lawsuit in its entirety in September 2022. Lastly, the musician who filed the copyright infringement on "Pills and Automobiles" dropped the lawsuit in June 2023. Allegations In the early hours of August 30, 2016, a woman called the police and accused Brown of threatening her with a gun inside his house. Police were called, but Brown denied them entry without a warrant. When they returned with one, Brown refused them entry and began what news sources referred to as a "standoff" with the LAPD, including the robbery-homicide division and SWAT team. During this time, Brown was seen posting videos on Instagram, in which he rails against the police and the media coverage of the activity at his house. He denounced media reports that he was "barricaded" inside his house, complained about the helicopters flying overhead, and called the police "idiots" and "the worst gang in the world." He said that he was innocent and "What I do care about is you are defacing [sic] my name and my character and integrity". Brown was arrested and later released from jail on $250,000 bail. On September 1, 2016, Brown's lawyer, Mark Geragos, stated that there was no standoff and that, with regard to the LAPD search, "nothing was found to corroborate her statement." Charges were later dropped after prosecutors declined to arraign Brown on the felony charges. Brown later sued the accuser for defamation, prevailing in the lawsuit, after it was ruled that the defendant brought to court false and defamatory statements about Brown, through her incriminating text messages where she said that "Brown kicked [her] out of his house because [she] called his friend jewelry fake" and she was "going to set him up and call the cops and say that he tried to shoot [her]". Brown later told Good Morning America: "My character’s been defaced. I’m glad that all my real supporters know me and know the truth and they’ll see the truth." In January 2022, a woman filed a $20 million civil lawsuit against Brown for allegedly raping her on a yacht in Miami in December 2020. Brown denied the allegations and later submitted text messages and voicemails to the Miami police department which implied a consensual relationship with the accuser. In the text messages the woman is seen courting Brown in lewd language and bare-naked selfies almost immediately after the alleged rape took place. According to TMZ, Brown intended to counter-sue the plaintiff for defamation and the plaintiff's lawyer withdrew from the case after she was made aware of the messages and voicemails. The presiding judge dismissed the lawsuit due to lack of prosecution by the plaintiff in August 2022. The lawsuit was dismissed on procedural grounds without prejudice, meaning the case can be reinstated under proper legal grounds if the plaintiff intends to pursue it again. Business ventures In 2007, Brown founded the record label CBE , under Interscope Records. Brown has since signed frequent collaborator Kevin McCall, singer Sabrina Antoinette, former RichGirl member Sevyn Streeter, singer-songwriter Joelle James, and rock group U.G.L.Y. However, from 2014 the label started to sign exclusively Brown's works. In October 2009, Brown founded a lifestyle website, Mechanical Dummy, with the purpose of curating and promoting current trends in the world of technology, music, culture, fashion, style and emerging brands. Brown served as the creative director of the site. Brown has stated in 2015 he owned fourteen Burger King restaurants, later revealing in 2022 that he sold the portfolio. In November 2012, Brown launched a nonprofit charity organization called the "Symphonic Love Foundation" to financially support arts programs for kids and to support a number of health and education programs and nonprofits, which provide education on domestic abuse, dating violence and HIV/AIDS and leadership programs to children with developmental disabilities. In May 2012, Brown partnered with famed artist Ron English to create a limited-edition toy and sculpture line, "Dum English", which they debuted at the Toy Art Gallery in Los Angeles. In November 2013, Brown partnered with Sprayground, a New York backpack company, to launch a limited line of custom backpacks, the “Invasion Capsule Collection”. On November 11, 2021, the singer launched his own cereal, "Breezy's Cosmic Crunch", partnering with SoFlo Snacks for this limited edition of collectible breakfast cereal. In May 2022, Brown partnered with Los Angeles based clothing brand Renowned and an online media company BlackNFTArt, to launch a NFT collection, "The Auracles", with accompanying physical streetwear pieces. In July 2022, Brown released a NFT collection, "The Breezyverse", consisting of 10,000 3D animated NFTs with sound and visual effects implemented on the Ehtereum blockchain. The Breezyverse NFT collection was released in conjunction with Brown's tenth studio album Breezy. In September 2023, Brown partnered with California based cannabis brand and dispensary Originals, to launch Bussin, a recreational cannabis brand. In October 2023, Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc, a California-based startup focused on the development of electric vehicles, announced a partnership with Brown where he would become an ambassador and Co-Creation Officer of the company. In March 2024, Brown launched a line of disposable vapes, the CB 15K x Chris Brown Disposable Vape. Fashion In 2012, Brown launched a streetwear clothing line called Black Pyramid, in collaboration with the founders of the Pink + Dolphin clothing line. In 2016 the clothing label was set for larger release, partnering with streetwear clothing lines such as Snipes for a worldwide distribution, also being distributed through its own Black Pyramid boutiques. On December 11, 2015, the Japanese fashion brand A Bathing Ape revealed that Brown would become the face of the brand's high end range, BAPE Black Label. Which was a follow-up to the brand's inaugural celebrity partnership fronted by fellow artist Travis Scott. In 2016, Brown partnered with German streetwear company Snipes, for a summer capsule collection designed in collaboration with the singer. The same year Brown also served as a model for Philipp Plein's fall and winter campaign. In 2016, during an interview with Vanity Fair Italia, he talked about his own definition of style: «It's not the name of a designer, it's not parading as a model, it's not the money you can spend on a jacket. Style is self-awareness, self-confidence. It's feeling comfortable in what you have on and who you are. It's the ability to be an individual, to be yourself, to be free in a free world». In May 2023, Brown partnered with German 3D printed footwear company Zellerfeld, designer Nos Ailes, and streetwear and culture company The Auracles to launch his own line of 3D printed slides, NAMI. Discography Studio albums Chris Brown Exclusive Graffiti F.A.M.E. Fortune X Royalty Heartbreak on a Full Moon Indigo Breezy 11:11 Collaborative albums Fan of a Fan: The Album Tours Brown has headlined multiple arena tours worldwide. Additionally, he has co-headlined two separate North American tours with singer Trey Songz and rapper Lil Baby. Brown is one of the highest grossing African American touring artists of all time. In February 2023, Pollstar reported that Brown had grossed $166 million from 284 shows between 2006 and 2022. He subsequently grossed $34 million from his Under The Influence tour in 2023 and $82 million from his 11:11 tour in 2024. Headlining Up Close and Personal Tour The UCP Exclusive Tour Fan Appreciation Tour F.A.M.E. Tour Carpe Diem Tour One Hell of a Nite Tour The Party Tour Heartbreak on a Full Moon Tour Indigoat Tour Under the Influence Tour The 11:11 Tour Breezy Bowl XX Co-headlining Between the Sheets Tour One of Them Ones Tour Supporting Scream V Encore Tour The Beyoncé Experience Good Girl Gone Bad Tour Filmography Film Television Documentary

=== Christina Aguilera ===
Christina María Aguilera is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and television personality. Recognized as an influential figure in music and having received widespread public interest, she is noted for her four-octave vocal range extending into the whistle register, artistic reinventions, and incorporating controversial themes into her music. Referred to as the "Voice of a Generation", she was also named a Disney Legend, in recognition for her contributions to The Walt Disney Company. After appearing on The All New Mickey Mouse Club , Aguilera recorded the theme song, "Reflection", for the animated film Mulan and signed a record deal with RCA Records. She rose to fame in 1999 with her self-titled debut album, which gained three number one singles on the US Billboard Hot 100 – "Genie in a Bottle", "What a Girl Wants" and "Come on Over Baby ". Seeking a departure from her teen idol image, Aguilera took on a more provocative image and released Stripped , which went on to become one of the best-selling albums of the 21st century. After another old-school inspired musical reinvention, she released the critically praised Back to Basics . Throughout these periods, she amassed various worldwide hits, including "Lady Marmalade", "Dirrty", "Beautiful" and "Ain't No Other Man". During the early 2010s, Aguilera featured on a string of worldwide top ten songs, including "Moves like Jagger", "Feel This Moment" and "Say Something"; the first of these topped the Hot 100, making her one of the few artists to peak over three decades. She also starred in the film Burlesque and contributed to its soundtrack, earning a Golden Globe Award nomination. Her concurrent ventures included a role in the television series Nashville , roles in films The Emoji Movie and Zoe , becoming an ambassador for the World Food Programme , co-founding the company Playground, and serving as a coach on the reality competition show The Voice . Aguilera is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, with over 100 million records sold worldwide. She has been named one of the most successful artists of the 2000s decade by Billboard and was listed among the greatest singers of all time by Rolling Stone. Aguilera has been regarded as one of the most influential Latin artists in the entertainment industry, having helped shape the "Latin explosion" in the early 2000s. Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013. Her accolades include five Grammy Awards, two Latin Grammy Awards, six ALMA Awards, two MTV Video Music Awards, a Billboard Music Award, a Guinness World Record, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Early life Christina María Aguilera was born on December 18, 1980, in Ocean Breeze, New York, at Staten Island University Hospital, to Shelly Loraine and Fausto Wagner Xavier Aguilera. Her father is an Ecuadorian emigrant from Guayaquil while her mother has German, Irish, Welsh, and Dutch ancestry. Fausto Aguilera was a United States Army sergeant, and Shelly Loraine was a violinist in the American Youth Symphony before becoming a Spanish translator. Due to Fausto's military service, Aguilera's family moved frequently. She lived in Grasmere, New York before moving to New Jersey and Texas. In 1983, they moved to Japan and lived in Sagamihara for at least two years. During her youth in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area, Aguilera attended North Allegheny Intermediate High School before leaving there to be homeschooled to avoid bullying she experienced at school. In 1986, the family returned to the United States, and settled in Pennsylvania, where they welcomed her younger sister, Rachel, in 1986. Aguilera has spoken out about her father's physically and emotionally abusive behavior. She noted that this is what made her turn to music, noting that, "growing up in an unstable environment and whatnot, music was my only real escape". In 1987, Shelly filed to divorce Fausto and moved with Aguilera and Rachel to her mother's home in Rochester, a suburb of Pittsburgh. She later married James Kearns and had a son with him named Michael. In 2012, following decades of estrangement, Aguilera expressed interest in reconciling with her biological father. Aguilera moving to her grandmother's home allowed her to explore her grandmother's records, which featured mostly soul and blues singers and increased her interest in music. She also began to practice singing in public and competing in talent contests. Following numerous contests, she earned a reputation in her neighborhood as the "little girl with a big voice" and received widespread attention from local television and radio programs. In 1990, she performed the popular song "A Sunday Kind of Love" on the reality competition show Star Search, but was eliminated during the semi-final round. Aguilera was eventually invited to sing "The Star-Spangled Banner" before Pittsburgh Penguins hockey, Pittsburgh Steelers football, and Pittsburgh Pirates baseball games, and at the 1992 Stanley Cup Finals. Career 1993–1998: Career beginnings In 1991, Aguilera auditioned for the television series The All New Mickey Mouse Club , which aired on the Disney Channel. She ran against 400 candidates, and while she made the shortlist she was ultimately rejected for not meeting the minimum age requirement. One year later, in 1992, Aguilera received a call from one of the show's producers asking if she was still interested in becoming a "Mouseketeer". She once again competed for a spot and was selected to join the variety program the following year. Her fellow cast members included Ryan Gosling, Keri Russell, Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake, and JC Chasez. During the show recordings—which included Aguilera performing musical numbers and comedy sketches—she moved with her family to Orlando, Florida. In 1995, it was reported the series would not return for a new season. Aiming to begin a music career, Aguilera moved to Japan in 1997. She was selected to record a duet with Japanese singer Keizo Nakanishi, with whom she performed in concert shows around the country. Their song, "All I Wanna Do", was released as a single but failed to reach commercial success. In June 1997, Aguilera went on to Romania to represent the United States in a singers contest during the Golden Stag Festival, failing to win over the audience. Seeking a recording contract, Aguilera recorded numerous demo tapes directed to record labels, including Walt Disney Records, for which she sent a cover of "Run to You" by Whitney Houston. She eventually was chosen to record "Reflection", the theme song from the animated film Mulan , which reached number 15 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. Following the attention she received with "Reflection", Aguilera caught the ear of Ron Fair, the A&R executive from RCA Records, who consequently signed Aguilera to the label. In late 1998, she began to record her debut studio album into which producers reportedly invested over $1 million worth of writers, producers and vocal lessons. 1999–2001: Breakthrough with debut album In May 1999, Aguilera released "Genie in a Bottle", the lead single off her long-awaited debut album, which topped the US Billboard Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks and became the second best-selling single of 1999. The song became an international success, increasing Aguilera's popularity worldwide, topping the charts in over 20 countries. The single also attracted the attention of conservatives including celebrities such as Debbie Gibson that spoke out against its lyrical content, and was eventually considered "too provocative" to be sung by a teen idol. Due to the criticism, Radio Disney replaced the song with a censored version. The song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. Aguilera's self-titled debut album, Christina Aguilera, was released on August 24, 1999, to critical praise, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200. It catapulted Aguilera into fame globally and sold over ten million copies in its first year. It was later certified eight times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America , and it has sold over 17 million copies worldwide. Originally, Aguilera's desire was to create material inspired by R&B and soul, but the label opted for a more teen pop production due the genre's high financial return in the late 1990s. At the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards, Aguilera won the Best New Artist category for which Time credited the award for "[helping] certify her credentials as a real singer". After the album's release, "What a Girl Wants", topped the Hot 100 and is recognized as the first new number one entry on the chart for the 2000s decade. The song was also nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. This was followed with "I Turn to You" which reached number 3, and "Come on Over Baby " which became Aguilera's third number one song and achieved worldwide success. She also released a cover of "The Christmas Song" in November 1999 which peaked at number 18 and became the second highest charting position of the song after the original in 1944. In January 2000, Aguilera performed at the Super Bowl XXXIV halftime show alongside Enrique Iglesias, Phil Collins and Toni Braxton. In May, she embarked on her debut concert tour, Christina Aguilera in Concert, which toured North America, Latin America, Europe, and Japan until February 2001. Her success continued to rise with the release of her second studio album, Mi Reflejo, in September 2000 which topped both the Billboard Top Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums for nineteen consecutive weeks. The album featured Spanish-language versions of several songs from her debut album along with new songs, and had Latin pop themes. Three singles were release for the album including the Spanish version of "Come on Over Baby " titled "Ven Conmigo ", "Pero Me Acuerdo de Ti" and "Falsas Esperanzas". The latter two were performed at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The album went on to be the best-selling Latin pop album of 2000 and was later certified six times Latin platinum by the RIAA. Mi Reflejo also reached the platinum stats in Argentina, Mexico, and Spain. At the 2nd Annual Latin Grammy Awards, the album won Best Female Pop Vocal Album. In October 2000, Aguilera also released her third studio album, My Kind of Christmas, her first Christmas album, which reached number one on the US Top Holiday Albums chart. The album received generally polarized reviews at the time but has since gone on to retrospectively receive praise. Aguilera starred in a holiday special, My Reflection, which aired on December 3, 2000, on ABC. Aguilera's commercial success saw her being named the 2000 Top Female Pop Act by Billboard. The same year, she also filed a fiduciary duty against manager Steve Kurtz for "improper, undue, and inappropriate influence over her professional activities". She eventually hired Irving Azoff to manage her career, aiming for control of her career and image. On January 16, 2001, Aguilera featured on Ricky Martin's "Nobody Wants to Be Lonely", which topped charts internationally and peaked at number 13 on the Hot 100, becoming her fifth top-20 hit in the US. She was also listed as one of the most successful artists on the Billboard 200, Hot 100, and Mainstream Top 40 charts—for which the latter she was ranked among the greatest of all time. The song was ranked at number 65 on VH1's "100 Greatest Love Songs", and was nominated for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 44th Annual Grammy Awards. In April of that year, Aguilera featured alongside Lil' Kim, Mýa, and Pink on "Lady Marmalade" from the soundtrack for the film, Moulin Rouge! . The song received positive reviews and topped the Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks, becoming Aguilera's fourth number one. The song also won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals and the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year. In August 2001, Warlock Records released Just Be Free, a demo album recorded by Aguilera between 1994 and 1995 while she was looking for a recording deal following the end of The All New Mickey Mouse Club . She filed a suit against the label and the album's producers aiming to stop the release of the album; however, both parties came to a confidential settlement to release the album, in which Aguilera lent out her name, likeness, and image for an unspecified amount of damages. 2002–2004: New image with Stripped With a new management, Aguilera started moving away from her teen pop niche and began working on a new project. She cultivated a new image by adopting the alter ego Xtina, dyeing her hair black, and sporting several tattoos and body piercings. Aguilera's new persona was widely criticized by media outlets. In September 2002, she released the controversial song, "Dirrty", which garnered mixed reviews and peaked as number 48 on Billboard Hot 100. The song's accompanying music video generated controversy for depicting overtly sexual fetishes, and attracted the attention of conservative organizations and moralists who sought to have the video banned on MTV. The video also sparked protests in Thailand and was eventually banned on the country's local television. "Dirrty" topped the charts in the UK and Ireland, and has gone on to become a cult classic. Aguilera's fourth studio album, Stripped, followed with a release on October 22, 2002. She also executive produced and co-wrote the majority of the songs. Upon release, the album received generally mixed reviews but found commercial success and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, and eventually was certified five times platinum by the RIAA. In the UK, Stripped sold over two million copies and became the second highest-selling album by an American female artists in the 2000s. Since then, it was reported the album sold 12 million copies globally. The album's second single, "Beautiful", was released to widespread acclaim for its empowering lyrics about embracing inner beauty, also becoming a LGBT anthem. The song reached number two on the Hot 100 and topped the chart in various international countries, including the UK, Canada, Ireland and New Zealand. It also reached number one on the US Adult Contemporary chart and the US Dance Club Songs chart. At the 46th Annual Grammy Awards, the single won Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. This was followed with the singles — "Fighter", "Can't Hold Us Down" and "The Voice Within". In June 2003, Aguilera co-headlined The Justified & Stripped Tour alongside Justin Timberlake. The joint tour visited North America solely, attracting an audience of 546,483 and grossed over $31.8 million. It ranked sixteenth on Billboard's list of Top 25 Tours of 2003. Later that year, she also embarked on The Stripped Tour in Europe, Asia, and Australia. Her performances at the Wembley Arena were taped, broadcast on WB Network and eventually sold as a video album under the name Stripped Live in the U.K. In early 2004, it was reported that she would return to North America to perform a second leg of her tour but was eventually canceled due to a vocal cord injury. In August 2003, at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, Aguilera opened the show singing "Like a Virgin" and "Hollywood" alongside Britney Spears. Halfway through the performance, she was joined by Madonna whom they both kissed, consequently making the performance highly publicized. Various media outlets retrospectively considered it one of the "most iconic" VMAs performances of all time. In 2008, MTV listed the performance as the number-one opening moment in the history of MTV Video Music Awards, while Blender magazine cited it as one of the twenty-five sexiest music moments on television history. In November of that year, Aguilera hosted the 2003 MTV Europe Music Awards. She received widespread media attention for dressing up as a nun and being undressed to reveal her underclothes while performing the slutdrop dance style. She was later named Top Female Pop Act of 2003 by Billboard. In August 2004, Aguilera recorded a cover of "Car Wash" alongside rapper Missy Elliott for the soundtrack of the DreamWorks Animation film Shark Tale. She also voiced a Rastafarian jellyfish in the film. That September, Aguilera was featured on "Tilt Ya Head Back" with rapper Nelly. The songs respectively reached number 63 and 58 on the Billboard Hot 100. 2005–2008: Back to Basics In early 2005, Aguilera embraced a new image inspired by Old Hollywood figures, debuting burlesque-style curly blonde hair and makeup. Her new persona was eventually adopted to promote her subsequent music project. In March 2006, Aguilera released a duet with Andrea Bocelli, "Somos Novios ", and performed the song together at the Sanremo Music Festival. She also featured on "A Song for You" by Herbie Hancock which received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. In June 2006, Aguilera released "Ain't No Other Man" as her then-forthcoming fifth studio album's lead single, which received critical acclaim and was praised by music critics. Critics compared her vocals on the songs to older singers such as Etta James and Aretha Franklin. The song achieved commercial success, peaked at number six on Billboard Hot 100 and has sold 1.7 million digital copies in the US The single eventually earned her the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. Aguilera's fifth studio album, Back to Basics, was released as a double album in August 2006. The album was inspired by 1920s–1950s music and was described as a "throwback with elements of old-school [music] combined with a modern-day twist". The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, making it Aguilera's first album to top the chart since 1999. It also debuted atop the charts in numerous countries, including Australia, Canada, Germany, Switzerland, and the UK. The album received positive reviews and was nominated a Best Pop Vocal Album at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards. The album was later certified double platinum by the RIAA, and sold over 5 million units worldwide. "Hurt" and "Candyman" were released as singles following the album's release and reached the top ten on various international charts, and peaked top-thirty on Hot 100. In November 2006, Aguilera performed "Steppin' Out with My Baby" at NBC's Tony Bennett: An American Classic special as a duet alongside Tony Bennett. The duo performed the song on Saturday Night Live and at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards. Their live performance was nominated a Grammy Award at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards. Their version was officially recorded in 2012 for Bennett's Viva Duets. That same month, Aguilera also featured on rapper Diddy's song "Tell Me" which topped the UK R&B Singles chart and number eight in the UK. At the end of November 2006 until October 2008, Aguilera embarked on the Back to Basics Tour which visited North America, Europe, Asia, and Oceania. The tour received positive reviews and was divided into acts inspired by juke joints and the circus. Rolling Stone highlighted its "numerous sets and costumes changes" emphasizing Aguilera's "evolution from bubblegum starlet to dirrty vixen to her current incarnation as retro-styled soul siren". With earnings around 48.1 million, the tour was the highest-grossing concert tour by a female in 2007. Additionally, the performances at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre were taped, broadcast on VH1 and sold as a video album under the title Back to Basics: Live and Down Under. In February 2007, Aguilera performed "It's a Man's Man's Man's World" at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards, which received widespread praise and has been noted as one of the best Grammy performances of all time. Her performance has been voted as the 3rd Most Memorable Grammy Performance of all time, as presented in the 2007 CBS television special My Night at the Grammys. That same month she performed at the halftime show for the 2007 NBA All-Star Game. In April 2008, Aguilera appeared in Martin Scorsese's documentary, Shine a Light , where she performed "Live with Me" with Mick Jagger. In September, she released "Keeps Gettin' Better" set to feature on her first then-upcoming greatest hits album of the same name. The song received mixed reviews and debuted at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100, making it her highest debut on the chart at the time, and has since sold 1.156 million digital copies in the US. She performed the song live at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards alongside a medley. Keeps Gettin' Better: A Decade of Hits was released in November 2008 to positive reviews, debuting at number nine on Billboard 200 and was later certified gold by the RIAA. The compilation added two original songs and also featured remakes of "Genie in a Bottle" and "Beautiful". By late 2008, Aguilera stated that she had begun working on a new album. 2009–2011: Bionic, Burlesque and The Voice In 2009, at the end of the 2000s, Aguilera was named the twentieth best "Artist of the Decade" by Billboard, and was nominated for the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Act Ever. At the end of 2009, Aguilera stated that her then-forthcoming sixth studio album originally titled Light & Darkness would be released in March 2010. However, by February 2010, Aguilera stated that the album would be retitled and released in June. In April 2010, Aguilera released the lead single, "Not Myself Tonight" which peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100. She performed the song live on The Oprah Winfrey Show. This was followed by the album's second single, "Woohoo" featuring rapper Nicki Minaj. Aguilera released her sixth studio album, Bionic, on June 6, 2010, which debuted at number three on the Billboard 200, and topped the European and the UK charts. The album was inspired by electronic music, and was described by her as a project "about the future" noting that it was inspired by her son who motivated her to "want to play and have fun". The album received generally mixed reviews by critics, with Kitty Empire of The Observer calling it "very strong, but only in parts". It was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America , and sold approximately over one million copies globally. "You Lost Me" and "I Hate Boys" were released as singles in the following month of June. A tour was planned for the album but was postponed and later cancelled due to prior commitments. Aguilera landed her first starring role as a waitress turned burlesque performer in the Steven Antin film Burlesque, released in theaters in November 2010. She received her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame the same week in which the film premiered. While the film received generally mixed reviews from critics, Aguilera's portrayal of the main character garnered positive reviews, and the film grossed US$90 million in the box office. The film also received a nomination for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy at the 68th Golden Globe Awards. In addition to starring in the film, Aguilera recorded eight tracks for the film's accompanying soundtrack, while Cher performed the remaining two. The soundtrack reached number 18 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA. Her song "Bound to You" received nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 68th Golden Globe Awards while the album itself was nominated for the Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards. Aguilera performed "Express" on the finale of the seventh series of The X Factor UK which received criticism for its raunchy content. In April 2011, Aguilera became a coach on reality competition show The Voice, which aired on NBC. Aguilera later returned to its second, third, fifth, eighth, and tenth season. For the show's first season, Aguilera's duet of her song "Beautiful" with her finalist, Beverly McClellan, debuted at number 74 on the US Billboard Hot 100 with first-week sales of 42,000 downloads on iTunes. A year later, for the second season, Aguilera's duet of "The Prayer" with her contestant, Chris Mann, also reached 85 on the chart. In 2011, she featured on the song "Moves like Jagger" by Maroon 5. They first performed the song during their time on The Voice and also performed it at the 2011 American Music Awards. The song received positive reviews and topped the Hot 100 for four non-consecutive weeks making Aguilera the fourth female artist to top the chart over three decades . The song was also nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards. In July 2021, the song was certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America . 2012–2015: Lotus and other projects During the third season of The Voice in September 2012, Aguilera debuted "Your Body" as the lead single from her then-upcoming seventh studio album. The song received critical acclaim and reached number one on the US Dance Club Song chart and 34 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album, titled Lotus, followed in November 2012, in which Aguilera described the record as a "rebirth" of herself after the personal struggles she overcame. Reviewers found the album generic and conventional, as opposed to Aguilera's previous experimental ventures. Lotus peaked at number 7 on the Billboard 200 and has sold 303,000 copies in the US as of 2019. "Just a Fool" with Blake Shelton was released as the album's second single and received positive reviews. The two performed the song live on The Voice and on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. On February 22, 2013, Aguilera featured on rapper Pitbull's "Feel This Moment", which became the first of various international top-ten singles she would achieve that year, peaking at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100 becoming Aguilera's tenth top-ten song, and was later certified platinum by the RIAA. The song garnered positive reviews and was performed at the 2012 American Music Awards, 2013 Kids' Choice Awards, The Voice and 2013 Billboard Music Awards. In May 2013, Aguilera appeared on Alejandro Fernández's cover of Miguel Gallardo's 1976 "Hoy Tengo Ganas de Ti" which received critical acclaim and earned them a diamond certification in Mexico. On November 4, 2013, Aguilera featured on a duet version of "Say Something" with A Great Big World. The song became an instant success receiving universal acclaim from critics who praised Aguilera's stripped back vocals. The song became Aguilera's second top-tenth hit on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number 4 and also became the second time she achieved multiple top-ten songs in a calendar year since 2000. They performed the song live on the fifth season of The Voice and 2013 American Music Awards. The song earned them various awards including a six-time platinum certification from the RIAA and won Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards. In October of that year, Aguilera also lent her vocals to the soundtrack for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire with the song "We Remain". She performed the song live with her contestant Jacquie Lee on The Voice. On January 1, 2014, Aguilera featured on the remix for "Do What U Want" by Lady Gaga to replace the original version with R. Kelly after his sexual abuse allegations. The two performed the song on the fifth season of The Voice. In May of that year, she performed a medley of hits at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival and performed at the 2014 KIIS FM Wango Tango concert. In November, Aguilera performed at the Breakthrough Prize Award ceremony. In February 2015, Aguilera opened the 2015 NBA All-Star Game alongside The Rockettes and Nas with a New York-themed medley. In April, Aguilera starred in the third season of the musical drama series Nashville, which aired on ABC. She also contributed to the series' soundtrack with "The Real Thing" and "Shotgun" — with the latter reaching number twenty-eight on Hot Country Songs chart. She also performed at the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards alongside the Rascal Flatts. 2016–2020: Liberation and The Xperience In May 2016, Aguilera exited The Voice following its tenth season, which she won with her contestant Alisan Porter. On the season finale, she performed "I Have Nothing" and "Dangerous Woman"; the latter with Ariana Grande. A month later, Aguilera released the song "Change", in which she dedicated to the victims of the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. The ballad received positive reviews and debuted at number five on Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. In August 2016, Aguilera recorded a disco song titled "Telepathy" featuring Nile Rodgers for the soundtrack of a Netflix original series, The Get Down . Her vocals were praised by critics and the song reached number one on the Dance Club Songs chart. In January 2017, Aguilera performed "Stormy Weather" on the ABC television special Taking the Stage: African American Music and Stories That Changed America. In July, she voiced a video-game dancer in The Emoji Movie , with the film also featuring her song "Feel This Moment". She also lent her vocals to the Served Like a Girl documentary film for a song titled "America". In November, Aguilera performed a tribute to Whitney Houston at the 2017 American Music Awards. The tribute received polarized views from fans and critics who praised her vocals but criticized why she was selected over a black artist. In March 2018, Aguilera announced the completion of her then-upcoming eighth studio album alongside a Paper Magazine cover which received media coverage. Aguilera released her eighth studio album Liberation on June 15, 2018, to favorable reviews. The album had been in the works since the summer of 2015 and incorporated R&B and hip-hop elements. Liberation debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 chart, becoming Aguilera's seventh US top-ten album. The album was promoted with multiple singles, including the preceding lead single, "Accelerate" featuring Ty Dolla Sign and 2 Chainz, which became Aguilera's tenth number one song on the US Billboard Dance Songs Chart. Two other singles from the album, "Fall in Line" and "Like I Do", were nominated at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance and Best Rap/Sung Performance respectively. To further promote Liberation, Aguilera embarked on her first tour in 10 years, The Liberation Tour, which ran from September to November 2018 in the US. The tour received positive reviews from critics who praised Aguilera's vocals and stage presence. Billboard named the tour one of the best 2018 live shows, and it was ranked at 132 on Pollstar's 2018 Year-End Top 200 North American Tours chart with a total gross of $8.7 million with an attendance of 77,854. She also starred in the romantic science fiction Zoe, which premiered at the Tribeca Film festival and was released in July of that year. At the end of 2018, Aguilera performed a medley of her songs on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve. In May 2019, Aguilera began headlining her first concert residency, Christina Aguilera: The Xperience, a 25-date show at the Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas which concluded in March 2020. In between the residency, from July to December 2019, Aguilera also embarked on The X Tour, which served as the international counterpart to The Liberation Tour, running throughout Europe and Latin America. In October 2019, Aguilera released the song "Haunted Heart" from the soundtrack of the animated film, The Addams Family, and her second collaboration with A Great Big World, "Fall on Me", followed a month later. The former received critical acclaim from critics, was nominated for Best Original Song in an Animated Film at the Hollywood Music in Media Awards and topped the US Kid Digital Song Sales chart. In early 2020, Aguilera recorded two songs for Disney's live action remake of Mulan : "Loyal Brave True" – released in March 2020 as a promotional single to positive reviews, eventually being shortlisted as one of the fifteen potential nominees for the Academy Award for Best Original Song – and a re-recording of "Reflection", released in August. That year, she appeared on the ABC television special, The Disney Family Singalong and its follow-up, where she performed "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" and "Remember Me" respectively. In November of that year, Aguilera signed a new management deal with Roc Nation. 2021–present: Aguilera and Voltaire residency In July 2021, Aguilera performed two sold-out shows at the Hollywood Bowl with Gustavo Dudamel and the Los Angeles Philharmonic. She also recorded "The Addams Family Theme", which was featured on The Addams Family 2 soundtrack. In October, she performed "Reflection", "When You Wish Upon a Star" and "Loyal Brave True" for ABC's Walt Disney World's 50th Anniversary special. On December 7, 2021, Aguilera was honored with the People's Music Icon honorific award at the 47th People's Choice Awards. Aguilera released her ninth studio album, titled Aguilera, originally as a double album on May 31, 2022. The album paid tribute to different genres of Latin music, and consisted of three separately released parts: La Fuerza, La Tormenta, and La Luz. The full album was released in its complete form on September 30, 2022. The album was preceded with the singles "Pa Mis Muchachas", "Somos Nada", "Santo" and followed with "Suéltame" and "No Es Que Te Extrañe". Aguilera received widespread critical acclaim from music critics upon release, and was placed on several year-end lists by publications such as Billboard and the Houston Chronicle. The album was promoted through the EU / UK Summer Series promotional tour, which consisted of five festival shows throughout Europe and three arena concerts in the United Kingdom. The promotional tour received critical praise. Aguilera and its songs received seven nominations at the 23rd Annual Latin Grammy Awards with the album winning for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album. The album also received another two nominations for Best Latin Pop Album and Best Immersive Audio Album at the 65th Annual Grammy Awards. "No Es Que Te Extrañe" was also nominated for Record of the Year at the 24th Annual Latin Grammy Awards. On June 11, 2022, Aguilera headlined the Los Angeles Pride festival with guests Mýa, Kim Petras and Paris Hilton. The use of a strap-on dildo during the set was the subject of polarized reception. In October 2022, Stripped was reissued for its 20-year anniversary, featuring "I Will Be" and Benny Benassi's remix of "Beautiful". A new music video for "Beautiful" was also released. On November 10, 2022, Time Studios announced a partnership with Roc Nation to produce an upcoming documentary about Aguilera. On September 22, 2023, Aguilera released "Learning to Fly" as a part of the soundtrack for PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie. The same month she performed at the EuroPride concert in Malta. At the end of the month, it was reported that Aguilera would executive produce a stage adaptation of Burlesque. In December, she began her second residency, Christina Aguilera at Voltaire, at The Venetian Las Vegas which ran until August 2024. In May 2024, it was reported that Aguilera had parted ways with RCA and signed with 5020 Records, a label distributed by Sony Music Latin. In September 2024, Aguilera announced a "Spotify Anniversaries" special performance for the 25th anniversary of her debut album. The special's performances were released on Spotify as a live extended play on September 23. The EP also featured appearances from Machine Gun Kelly and Sabrina Carpenter. The special additionally containted interviews from producer Ron Fair and songwriter Heather Holley, with the latter joining Aguilera for a performance of her song "Obvious". In December, the EP was named one of the best albums of the year by HuffPost. Artistry Influences Aguilera has named Etta James as a "role model", and said "At Last" made a major impression on her. She later stated, "I'll still be as raunchy as I wanna be, and I'll have [Etta]'s memory to back me up. She's what I want to be someday". As a young girl, The Sound of Music and its lead actress, Julie Andrews, became her early references to sing and perform, in addition to broadening her interest on Broadway. Aguilera's other major influences include Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Billie Holiday, and Ella Fitzgerald. She has also cited rock bands as an influence, specifically the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nirvana, and Radiohead. Aguilera was also influenced by Latin music. She later recalled singing her first songs in Spanish during childhood, saying: "I grew up hearing [Spanish] being spoken in my household [and] hearing a lot of Julio Iglesias on the record player". Some of her other inspirations in Latin music include Chavela Vargas, Vicente Fernández, and younger artists such Rosalía. As a performer, Aguilera credits Madonna and Janet Jackson as major inspirations for being "positive female artists [who] aren't afraid to take chances, be daring, experimental and sexy". Cher also encouraged her to be a performer and "a woman who has the guts to do [everything]". Aguilera's childhood visits to records stores moulded her taste and led to an appreciation for blues and soul music, which she called "music that really had heart". Her music has also paid homage to many artists from this genre, including Aretha Franklin, Marvin Gaye, Nina Simone, and Otis Redding. Her album Back to Basics features inspirations of musicians from the early 20th century. As she later commented: "I was just so drawn to that [kind of music] ... [It] has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion". Her other influences in the genre was added for Liberation , including Michael Jackson in "Maria" and Janis Joplin in "Sick of Sittin'". Outside of the music industry, Aguilera was inspired by actresses from the Old Hollywood. She later stated, "I'm fascinated with the golden age of film. I wanted to capture the authenticity of the glam era", after which she cited examples such as Marlene Dietrich, Marilyn Monroe, Greta Garbo, Veronica Lake, and the pin-up models. Her "Tilt Ya Head Back" music video also recreated Monroe's signature look, while the video for "Your Body" includes a reference to Lucille Ball. The video for "Ain't No Other Man" presented Aguilera under the alter ego Baby Jane, which was inspired by Bette Davis's character in psychological horror film What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? . Her other inspirations mostly came from art works, including those by Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein and Banksy. Voice Critics have described Aguilera as a soprano, possessing a four-octave vocal range. She is also able to perform the whistle register. Maura Johnston, a journalist with Slate, called Aguilera's voice "an instrument that despite its ability to leap octaves has a low-end grounding similar to that possessed by opera singers". The Boston Globe columnist Joan Anderman highlighted her vocal versatility: "[She] is a real singer ... blessed with the sort of breathtaking elasticity, golden tones, and sheer power that separate the divas from the dabblers". In addition to sustain high notes, Aguilera is recognized for making use of the melismatic technique. Jon Pareles from The New York Times emphasized that "she can aim a note as directly as a missile or turn its trajectory into an aerobatic spiral of leaping, quivering, and scalloping melismas". Ron Fair—A&R executive from RCA Records—was impressed by her "perfect intonation", and concluded: "She's got the pipes to be the next Barbra Streisand or Céline Dion". Aguilera's singing technique also yielded comparisons to other singers. Journalist David Browne suggested that, alongside Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston, she "forms the team of the main proponents" of the melismatic technique. Richard Harrington from The Washington Post also noticed similarities with both artists: "She has a genuinely powerful voice that's evoked comparisons [to them], though it for the most part avoids those singers' ornamental mannerisms". The New Yorker columnist Sasha Frere-Jones also credited the technique by making her become "a serious singer without needing to reincarnate the Sarah Vaughan". Songwriter Steve Kipner praises Aguilera's vocal dexterity, including her ability to "internalize[d] all the riffs from Chaka Khan". Los Angeles Times music critic Ann Powers wrote that she possesses a "voice purely powerful as that of Etta James [...] and she's moving toward the expressiveness of Gladys Knight, if not Aretha Franklin". Powers also associated her vocal ability with Donna Summer when she performs records influenced by rhythm and blues. Minneapolis Star Tribune noted that "She has the best voice of the bunch — big, rich, soulful." However, Aguilera's has also been criticized for the frequent use of melisma, as well for her style of singing live during concerts. HuffPost columnist John Eskow called her "the main proponent of oversouling". Eskow praised Aguilera's voice as a "great instrument", though complained she did not "seem to know when to stop" with the use of "gratuitous and confected melisma". Lucy Davies, music critic from BBC Music, raved about her "stunning voice", but offered that "she could be more varied, simply by cutting out some of the 'ye-e-eeeh, woah' in her songs". Writing for Entertainment Weekly, Chris Willman credits Aguilera's singing style as an influence of Mariah Carey, noting "her slightly nasal tone that really only becomes obvious when she's overselling a song". Alexa Tietjen from VH1 acknowledged that Aguilera "does tend to take it to the extreme at times [...] but her vocal prowess is what's gotten her so far. Love them or hate them, the riffs are a part of who she is as performer". Musical style Aguilera's discography is generally categorized as pop, contemporary R&B, soul, and hip-hop. According to critics, she has also experimented with other musical genres in her works. In a 2008 interview, she explained that she is "always inspired by new things" in music and enjoys "experimenting with [her] voice". Alexis Petridis from The Guardian considered the "boldness in [continually] reinventing" her music as "one of her most impressive facets" as an artist. Initially established as a bubblegum pop singer, she mixed teen pop and dance-pop on her first records, Christina Aguilera and Mi Reflejo , with the latter also taking inspiration from numerous genres in Latin music. Moving away from the teen niche, Aguilera's post-2000 material mainly incorporated R&B and hip-hop. Listed as an executive producer on Stripped , she mixed both genres with Latin pop, rock, neo-soul, gospel, among others, while Back to Basics was described as a "throwback with elements of old-school genres combined with a modern-day twist [and] hard-hitting beats". She continued merging R&B with other musical styles on Burlesque , as well on Liberation , which also features hip-hop, soul and blues elements. The show tune "Lady Marmalade" is noted as Aguilera's first musical transformation, which RCA Records initially felt was "too urban". Despite the renewal in her repertoire, Aguilera continued producing power ballads—which became a signature in her discography—in between her uptempo material. Kelefa Sanneh, music critic from The New York Times, observed the continuous modification in her music, in addition to highlighting her "decision to snub some of the big-name producers on whom pop stars often rely". Her sonically drastic ventures include the subversive "galactic pop" on Bionic , electropop club on Lotus , and Mexican ranchera numbers on Aguilera . Cultural status Throughout her career, Aguilera has been called a pop icon, a gay icon, a triple threat entertainer, and a fashion icon. She has been ranked among the greatest singers of all time and referred to as the "Voice of a Generation". She has been labeled a "diva" for her stardom and persona, garnering polarized views, and often various comparisons to Mariah Carey. She has also attracted criticism for wearing revealing clothes, and has been called a sex symbol. Aguilera has also been noted for her closely affiliation with The Walt Disney Company, being honoured as a Disney Legend in 2019. She has often received media attention for her reinventions. In the early 2000s, Aguilera rose to fame as a teen idol with her bubblegum pop eponymous debut album. Various images she took on included a provocative image following the release of her single "Dirrty", an old Hollywood image, and a futuristic look. She was later ranked as one of the most successful artists of the 2000s decade by Billboard. In the 2010s, Aguilera saw moderate success with her music while spending six seasons as a coach on The Voice. Aguilera's personal struggles were often highlighted in the media. She saw a musical comeback with Liberation . Throughout her career, Aguilera has faced media attention for her physical appearances with some journalists noting that she has often received body shaming critical comments. She was also named as one of the artists who revived teen pop in the late 1990s. Aguilera has also been a significant figure in helping reshape the "Latin explosion" in the late 1990s and contributed to the Latin pop boom in American music with her album Mi Reflejo , which went on to become the best-selling Latin pop album of all time. She has also been noted for honouring her Ecuadorian roots throughout her career. She has also heavily incorporated controversial themes in her music. Various themes include feminism, sexuality, defending the sex-positive movement, domestic violence, among others. Gerrick D. Kennedy writing for the Los Angeles Times opined that Aguilera "tackled subject matters her contemporaries were shying away from" which made her stand out amongst her peers in the early 2000s. The impact of her videography, particularly the music videos for "Dirrty" and "Beautiful", has also been analyzed by music critics. Subsequently, Aguilera has influenced and inspired several acts and artists in industries worldwide. Achievements Aguilera has accumulated numerous awards and honorary accolades throughout her career. At the age of 19, she won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist, becoming one of the youngest artists to receive the award. Aguilera received four other trophies from twenty nominations by The Recording Academy. She is also a recipient of two Latin Grammy Awards, three Billboard Latin Music Awards—including the Spirit of Hope Award—, two MTV Video Music Awards , two People's Choice Awards—including the inaugural Music Icon Award—, three World Music Awards, and one Guinness World Record. Aguilera is also one of the best-selling music artists of all time, with estimated sales of over 100 million records sold worldwide. Among other honors, Aguilera received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in "recognition of her achievements in the recording industry". Other activities Business ventures As a businesswoman, Aguilera has been selling her own products and investing in multiple companies. In 2008, she became co-owner of LAX nightclub at the Luxor Las Vegas alongside DJ AM. In 2015, she founded the MX Productions & Investments in partnership with fiancée Matthew Rutler, for which they was included in the investors' group of Pinterest, DraftKings, Lyft and MasterClass enterprises. Aguilera also joined the ownership group of Angel City FC, a National Women's Soccer League expansion team, and sexual wellness brand Playground. In March 2015, Aguilera and Rutler signed a deal with Lions Gate Entertainment to developed both scripted and unscripted projects which eventually was acquired by ABC Family and Spike TV networks. In 2022, she was named chief culture officer of The Fun Wine Company. In 2007, Aguilera signed a long-term deal with Procter & Gamble and created the Christina Aguilera Fragrances, which has been sold in North America, Latin America, Asia and Europe. In addition to scents, the brand manufactures body lotions, body sprays, and deodorants whose products was ranked among the United Kingdom best-sellers in 2007, 2009 and 2010. In January 2016, the line was reported to sold over $80 million. Her fragrances also received numerous accolades, including at the Duftstars Awards and FiFi Awards. During São Paulo Fashion Week in 2011, Aguilera debuted her first clothes line which was mostly sold in Brazilian department stores C&A. In partnership with American Greetings, she featured in customized birthday video cards which was sold online in 2021 and eventually won a Clio Awards. During her career, Aguilera has been involved in marketing initiatives and endorsed numerous brands including Sears, Levi's, Skechers, Mercedes-Benz, Virgin Mobile, Orange UK, Sony Ericsson, Oreo, SweeTarts, Just Eat, Lieferando, Menulog, and Merz Aesthetics. In 2001, she starred in a series of television advertising to Coca-Cola, which was aired in Latin America and the United States. Media outlets reported the deal signed by Aguilera to worth up £50 million. Aguilera also shot a global scale advertising campaign alongside South Korean singer Rain to promote Pepsi during the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Other Aguilera's endorses included a clothing line by Versace in 2003, and a collection of sterling silver pieces designed by Stephen Webster in 2008. On June 28, 2004, she received £200,000 to open the summer sale at the London's department store Harrods. In 2008, Aguilera also was paid $1.5 million to submit pictures of her first child to People, becoming the ninth most expensive celebrity baby photograph ever taken. Philanthropy and activism Referred to as a humanitarian, Aguilera has done philanthropic works during her career. In 2003, she visited the Women's Center & Shelter of Greater Pittsburgh and provided a donation over $200,000 in support for victims of domestic violence. In addition to starred in television advertisings on the Lifetime network calling for the end of violence against women in 2007, she partnered with Verizon in a campaign to awareness about violence domestic in 2015. She later destined proceeds from the Christina Aguilera: The Xperience residency to The Shade Tree, a women and children's center in Las Vegas, Nevada. In October 2019, Aguilera efforts against domestic violence earned her the Bonnie Polley Community Hero Award. In 2009, Aguilera became the global spokesperson for the World Food Program, a branch of the United Nations . She visited countries with high rates of malnutrions, including Ecuador, Guatemala, Haiti and Rwanda. As of 2013, it was reported she helped raise over $148 million to the organization and other hunger relief agencies in 45 countries. Aguilera's efforts eventually earned her the Muhammad Ali Humanitarian Awards and George McGovern Leadership Awards—which she received in the White House from the former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton. Her other philanthropy initiatives included donations of her wedding gifts to charities in support of families affected by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and concerts to urges donations to the American Red Cross due Hurricane Sandy in 2012. In 2010, Aguilera auctioned tickets to her concerts through Christie's, earmarking the proceeds to non-profit environmental organizations, including Conservation International and the Natural Resources Defense Council. In response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake, she auctioned off a Chrysler 300 and destined proceeds to support disaster victims and their families. Additionally, Aguilera appeared on the Hope for Haiti Now telethon, whose donations directly benefited Oxfam America, Partners In Health, International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, and UNICEF. She also was praised by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals for signed an open letter destined to Government of South Korea appealing to the ban of consumption of dogs and cats, and for using fake fox fur in concerts costumes. As a LGBT rights activist, Aguilera was lauded for calling out myths around HIV/AIDS, in addition to raising awareness about the virus and raising funds for the Mac AIDS Fund and the Elton John AIDS Foundation. In 2008, she advocated for same-sex marriage and spoke out against Proposition 8. During an interview with MTV News, she stated "Why would you put so much money behind something [aimed at] stopping people from loving each other? I just don't understand it". In June 2016, Aguilera released single "Change", which was aimed to raise proceeds to the victim's families and survivors of the Orlando nightclub shooting. During The X Tour , Aguilera visited Russia and "blessed" a gay marriage proposal in the backstage, contrary to the country's laws against "gay propaganda". Personal life Aguilera met dancer Jorge Santos backstage, while filming one of her music videos in 2000 and dated him until September 2001. She began dating music executive Jordan Bratman in late 2002. Their engagement was announced in February 2005. On November 19, 2005, they married in a private ceremony on an estate in Napa County, California, during a traditional Jewish ceremony. Aguilera wore a flamenco-style wedding dress by Christian Lacroix and they exchanged wedding bands designed by jeweller Stephen Webster. She gave birth to their son, Max Liron Bratman, in 2008. In September 2010, the couple had separated. She filed for divorce in October 2010, which was finalized in April 2011 and included joint custody of their son. In November 2010, Aguilera began dating production assistant Matthew Rutler, whom she met while filming the musical Burlesque. Aguilera was arrested for public intoxication in March 2011, while Rutler was booked for driving under the influence. However, the charges were dropped against Rutler the following month. In 2014, they became engaged on Valentine's Day. Later that year, Aguilera gave birth to their daughter, Summer Rain Rutler. After being raised Catholic, she was learning about Judaism in the mid-2000s. In 2022, she opened up about depression and anxiety, stating "I experienced a lot of trauma in my childhood [...] I've definitely had struggles in the past with depression and anxiety. It's a constant battle to overcome a mind that is anxious, a mind that is always second-guessing". Aguilera has also been sharing about insecurity and struggling with body image early in her career. In 2007, Aguilera purchased a Mediterranean-style mansion in Beverly Hills for $11.5 million, which she sold for $13.5 million in March 2013. Shortly afterwards, she acquired a house in the Mulholland Estates' private enclave, at the Santa Monica Mountains, for $10 million and currently resides with her family. In 2000, Aguilera was among the biggest moneymakers in the music business with over £65 million earned with albums sales, merchandising and licensing deals according to VH1. In January 2008, she was ranked 19th on Forbes' list of Top-Earning Women in Music of 2007 with earnings of $20 million. The previous year, she was also included on their list of richest women in entertainment industry, with an estimated net worth of $60 million. In August 2022, Aguilera's net worth was reported to be $160 million. Discography Studio albums Christina Aguilera Mi Reflejo My Kind of Christmas Stripped Back to Basics Bionic Lotus Liberation Aguilera Filmography Burlesque The Emoji Movie Zoe Theater Burlesque ; producer, co-composer and lyricist Tours and residencies

=== Clean Bandit ===
Clean Bandit are an English electronic music group formed in Cambridge in 2008. They have achieved four number-one singles and six additional top-ten songs on the UK Official Singles Chart. Since 2016, the group have been a trio comprising founding members Grace Chatto and brothers Jack and Luke Patterson. Jack serves as the principal songwriter. The group are known for blending elements of classical music and contemporary dance music, and they routinely collaborate with guest vocalists. Clean Bandit's debut single, "A+E", was released in 2012; their second, "Mozart's House" , peaked at number 17 on the UK singles chart. In 2014, they attained mainstream success with their single "Rather Be", a collaboration with Jess Glynne. It reached number one on the UK singles chart, topped the national singles charts of six other countries, and peaked at number ten on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song's accolades include a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording and two Ivor Novello Awards for Jack Patterson. These three singles were included on the group's debut album New Eyes, released in June 2014, which received a gold certification from the BPI. Clean Bandit's 2016 single "Rockabye", which features Sean Paul and Anne-Marie, became their second number-one song in the UK and that year's UK Christmas number-one single. It peaked at number one in seven other markets and charted at number nine in the United States. In 2017, "Symphony", featuring Zara Larsson, became the group's third UK number-one song; this was followed by their fourth, "Solo", featuring Demi Lovato, in 2018. Their second album, What Is Love?, was released in November 2018 and contains all three singles. As of 2016, Clean Bandit had sold over 13 million singles and 1.6 million albums worldwide. History 2008–2012: Formation and career beginnings Original band members Grace Chatto, Jack Patterson, Luke Patterson and Neil Amin-Smith met while studying as undergraduates at Jesus College, University of Cambridge. At the time, Amin-Smith, who attended Westminster School was leading a string quartet together with Chatto, who attended The Latymer School. The original vocalist, Ssegawa-Ssekintu Kiwanuka, left to undertake a PhD in laser analytics. In 2011, Chatto and Jack Patterson formed their own film production company, Cleanfilm, to make music videos for themselves and other artists. The band's name, Clean Bandit, comes from a translation of a Russian phrase; the meaning is similar to the English phrase "complete bastard", though Patterson later stated that it is actually a more affectionate term similar to "utter rascal". 2012–2015: New Eyes In December 2012, Clean Bandit released their debut single "A+E", which peaked at number 100 on the UK Singles Chart. In March 2013, they released their second single "Mozart's House". The song peaked at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart. Their third single "Dust Clears" charted at number 43 in the UK. The band's fourth single "Rather Be" featuring Jess Glynne was released in January 2014 and topped the UK Singles Chart. It was the fastest-selling song released in January since 1996 and ended 2014 as the year's second best-selling song in the UK , selling over 1.13 million copies. "Rather Be" also reached number one in Austria, Finland, Germany, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden, whilst charting at number ten on the US Billboard Hot 100. In April 2014, the band made their TV debut on BBC's Later... with Jools Holland. The following month, they announced a 14-date headline tour of the UK kicking off in Lancaster Library as part of the Get It Loud In Libraries campaign. The band's debut studio album New Eyes, was released in June 2014 by Atlantic Records UK. In September 2014, they performed with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra at MediaCityUK. In November, the band collaborated again with Jess Glynne, on their single "Real Love". It reached number two on the UK Singles Chart. The same month, the band performed as part of the charity group Band Aid 30 alongside other British and Irish pop acts, recording the latest version of the track "Do They Know It's Christmas?" to raise money for the 2014 Ebola crisis in West Africa. In February 2015, "Rather Be" won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards. The group recorded a 30-piece orchestral version of "Rather Be" at Abbey Road Studios for Marks & Spencer's Christmas 2015 advertising campaign. 2016–2019: What Is Love? and Neil Amin-Smith's departure In May 2016, the band released the single "Tears" featuring The X Factor 2015 winner Louisa Johnson, which later appeared in their second studio album. The song peaked at number five in the UK, following a performance on Britain's Got Talent. In October 2016, it was announced that violinist and pianist Neil Amin-Smith had decided to leave Clean Bandit. Two days later, the group released their first song as a three-piece without Amin-Smith: "Rockabye", which features rapper Sean Paul and singer Anne-Marie. "Rockabye" became their second number one hit in the UK, and remained at the top spot for nine weeks. It went on to become the Christmas number one single for 2016. The song also reached number one in Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Germany, Italy, Sweden and Switzerland. It additionally charted at number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100. In March 2017, the trio released "Symphony", a collaboration with Swedish singer Zara Larsson. The song topped the UK Singles Chart, becoming the group's third number one single in the country. They gave their first live performance of the song on The Voice UK. "Rockabye" was recorded at The Crypt Studio in London. In June, the band released the studio version of "Disconnect" with Marina Diamandis. The track was previously performed at the 2015 Coachella Festival. In October 2017, the band announced the single "I Miss You", featuring songwriter Julia Michaels. It charted within the top five of the UK and has been certified platinum. In May 2018, the band released the second album's fifth single, "Solo", featuring vocals from Demi Lovato. It topped the charts in the UK the following month and has received a platinum certification in the country. In November 2018, sixth single "Baby" was released, featuring Marina and Luis Fonsi. Clean Bandit released their second album What Is Love? in November 2018. The album features collaborations with Rita Ora, Ellie Goulding, Craig David, Anne-Marie, and Charli XCX. 2020–present: Leaving Atlantic Records, forthcoming third studio album and new projects Against the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic, the band produced a "House Party" event fortnightly in place of the live shows which they would've performed if the pandemic had not happened. Clean Bandit produced six of these house parties in total, from April to July, many featuring vocals from their singer Yasmin Green. In early August 2020, as their live home music performances gained credit, the band agreed with Global Citizen to host a 12-hour long "Houseparty Against Hunger" on 8 August, to raise money for the charity to help fight poverty-related hunger. The event consisted of one hour-long sets from DJs around the world. Clean Bandit hosted the event and played at the start and end of proceedings, with their set-up the same as that used in their original house parties. Kirsten Joy, one of the band's singers, performed along with Becky Hill, Joel Corry, MNEK and a guest appearance from Sean Paul. On 17 August, Clean Bandit announced they would be releasing a new single, titled "Tick Tock" with singer Mabel and rapper 24kGoldn. It was released on 21 August 2020. On 26 January 2021, Clean Bandit announced their new single "Higher" featuring American rapper Iann Dior. The song was released on 29 January 2021. On 30 July 2021, Clean Bandit released their new single "Drive" with German DJ Topic featuring Wes Nelson. On 24 September 2021, Clean Bandit released a remix of the famous 1980s hit song How Will I Know in collaboration with Whitney Houston. On 18 February 2022, Clean Bandit released a new dance/electronic song featuring A7S called "Everything but You". On 9 September 2022, Clean Bandit released a new single "Sad Girls" with rapper French the Kid featuring Rema. On 21 October 2022, Clean Bandit released another single, "Don't Leave Me Lonely" in collaboration with the songwriter Elley Duhé. Between 2022 and 2024, Clean Bandit parted ways with their label Atlantic Records. On 23 July 2024, Clean Bandit announced their song with English singer-songwriter Anne-Marie and French DJ David Guetta called "Cry Baby". It was released on 9 August 2024 with B1 Records/Ministry of Sound. On 28 March 2025, Clean Bandit joined Tiësto onstage at Ultra Music Festival to premiere their upcoming collaboration “Tell Me Where You Go” which features vocals from Leony Musical style Clean Bandit are an electronic, electropop and dance-pop band. The band mixes electronic music with classical pieces by composers such as Mozart and Shostakovich. Political views In May 2017, Clean Bandit endorsed the Labour Party and Jeremy Corbyn in the 2017 UK general election. In June, the band supported a Labour Party rally in Birmingham. In June 2018, they headlined the Labour Live festival in London. In November 2019, they endorsed the Labour Party in the 2019 UK general election. In December 2019, along with 42 other leading cultural figures, they signed a letter stating that "Labour's election manifesto under Jeremy Corbyn's leadership offers a transformative plan that prioritises the needs of people and the planet over private profit and the vested interests of a few. " They endorsed Rebecca Long-Bailey in the 2020 Labour Party leadership election. After leaving the band, Neil Amin-Smith joined the Institute for Fiscal Studies and in July 2024 was appointed by Labour chancellor Rachel Reeves to a government council of economic advisors. Members Former members Neil Amin-Smith – violin, piano Ssegawa-Ssekintu Kiwanuka – vocals Former touring musicians Braimah Kanneh-Mason – violin Nikki Cislyn – vocals Makeda Moore – vocals Eliza Shaddad – vocals Florence Rawlings – vocals Elisabeth Troy – vocals Christina Hizon - vocals, piano Ezinma – violin David Gane – drums, percussion Molly Fletcher – violin Timeline Discography New Eyes What Is Love? Awards and nominations

=== Cornell Haynes Jr. ===
Cornell Iral Haynes Jr. , better known by his stage name Nelly, is an American rapper, singer, and actor. He grew up in St. Louis, Missouri, and embarked on his musical career in 1993 as a member of the Midwest hip hop group St. Lunatics. He signed with Universal Records as a solo act in 1999 to release his debut studio album, Country Grammar . Its two lead singles, "Country Grammar " and "Ride wit Me", , both entered the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100. The album peaked atop the Billboard 200 and received diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . His second album, Nellyville , spawned two consecutive Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles: "Hot in Herre" and "Dilemma" , along with the top-five single, "Air Force Ones" . The same-day dual release of his next albums Sweat and Suit —bundled into the 2005 compilation album Sweatsuit —were met with continued success. Sweat debuted at number two while Suit debuted at number one, selling an estimated 700,000 combined units in their first week. His fifth studio album, Brass Knuckles , was supported by the singles "Party People" , "Stepped on My J'z" , and "Body on Me" . His sixth album, 5.0 , delved further into pop. Its lead single, "Just a Dream", received triple platinum certification by the RIAA and was followed by "Move That Body", , and "Gone", . His seventh and eighth albums, M.O. and Heartland , were both met with lukewarm commercial response and mixed reviews; the latter was released by Columbia Records and marked a full departure from his previous styles in favor of country rap. Nelly has won multiple accolades throughout his career, including three Grammy Awards and nine Billboard Music Awards. He has been referred to by Peter Shapiro as "one of the biggest stars of the new millennium". In 2014, Nelly was ranked as the fourth-best-selling hip hop artist in American music history according to the RIAA, with 21 million albums sold in the United States. In December 2009, Billboard ranked Nelly at number three on the Top Artists of the Decade list for the 2000s. Outside of recording, he starred in the 2005 sports film, The Longest Yard alongside Adam Sandler and Chris Rock. He launched the clothing line Vokal in 1997 and the line of womenswear, Apple Bottoms in 2003. His record label imprint, Derrty Entertainment, was launched in a joint venture with Motown in 2003, though it has been largely inactive. Life and career 1974–2000: Early life and start of career Cornell Iral Haynes Jr. was born on November 2, 1974, in Austin, Texas, the only son of Cornell Haynes and Rhonda Mack. His father served in the Air Force for much of his childhood and when he was seven, his parents divorced. As a teenager, Haynes moved with his mother from St. Louis, Missouri, to University City, a St. Louis County suburb. While in high school, Nelly formed the St. Lunatics with his friends Ali, Murphy Lee, Kyjuan, Slo Down, and his half brother City Spud. The group enjoyed moderate local popularity with their single "Gimme What Ya Got" in 1996. Despite being popular in Missouri and the surrounding areas, the group struggled to achieve success outside of St. Louis. The rest of the group agreed to let Nelly go solo after a major record deal failed to appear. Later in 1999, Nelly was signed to Universal Music Group by A&R Kevin Law. Law told HitQuarters that Nelly was largely disliked by the label when he first signed, with the feedback he received from his colleagues on the rapper's music being "extraordinarily negative". Nelly was unusual for being a rapper from the Midwest at a time when hip-hop was dominated by the East Coast, West Coast and the South. The label used this to their advantage by branding him as a star of the Midwest, hoping to inspire pride in the people of St Louis and the surrounding regions. Despite the negative feedback he received from the label, his debut single, "Country Grammar ", was a success, peaking at number 7 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and UK singles chart. Recognizing Nelly's potential, the label began to change their mind and allowed work to begin on his debut album. The label decided to do a solo record with him first and then reunite him with the St. Lunatics the following year. 2000–2003: Breakthrough with Country Grammar and Nellyville The label released his debut album, Country Grammar, in 2000. The success of its title track as a single, reaching number 7 on the Hot 100 and No. 1 Hot Rap Tracks, led to the album debuting at number three in the Billboard 200 in the U.S. Other singles from the album included "E.I."; "Ride wit Me", featuring City Spud; and "Batter Up", featuring the St. Lunatics. The album was certified 9× platinum by the RIAA in April 2004. In January 2001, Nelly performed as a special guest in the Super Bowl XXXV halftime show. In 2002, Nelly's second album, Nellyville, was released, debuting at No. 1 on Billboard's Top 200 Music Albums. Its lead single "Hot in Herre" was a number-one hit. Other singles included "Dilemma", which featured Kelly Rowland and sold over 7.6 million records worldwide, "Work It" featuring Justin Timberlake, "Air Force Ones" featuring Murphy Lee and the St. Lunatics, "Pimp Juice", and "#1". This album was highly successful and was certified 6x multi-platinum in June 2003. "Hot in Herre" won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rap Solo Performance in 2003. In 2003, Nelly released Da Derrty Versions: The Reinvention, which featured the hit single "Iz U" from the soundtrack to Walt Disney's The Haunted Mansion. The music video of a Tip Drill Remix became a source of controversy due to perceptions of misogynistic depictions of women. The controversy forced him to cancel an appearance at a bone marrow drive at Spelman College, a historically black college in Atlanta. Similar claims of misogyny surrounded his single "Pimp Juice". RIAA has certified the album as Platinum. For the Bad Boys II soundtrack album, Nelly contributed the single "Shake Ya Tailfeather" featuring Diddy and Murphy Lee. Another number-one hit, "Shake Ya Tailfeather", won the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group. 2004–2008: Continued success; Sweat, Suit, and Brass Knuckles In February 2004, Nelly performed in the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show, his second time performing in a Super Bowl halftime show. On September 14, 2004, he released two albums, Sweat and Suit. Suit, an R&B-oriented album, debuted at number one on the Billboard albums chart, and Sweat, a rap-oriented album, debuted at number two. From Suit, the slow ballad "Over and Over", an unlikely duet with country music star Tim McGraw, became a crossover hit. On the 2004 NBC television concert special Tim McGraw: Here and Now, McGraw and Nelly performed the song. A feud with another St. Louis-based rapper, Chingy, emerged at the end of 2004. Tsunami Aid: A Concert for Hope, a 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake benefit concert special produced by NBC, featured Nelly. In the winter of 2005 came Sweatsuit, a compilation of tracks from Sweat and Suit with three new tracks. "Grillz", produced by Jermaine Dupri, was a number-one hit. To date both albums have sold over 5 million units in the United States. Brass Knuckles was released on September 16, 2008, after several delays. Initial release dates for the album were October 16 and November 13. Its original lead single was "Wadsyaname", a ballad-oriented track produced by Ron "NEFF-U" Feemstar and sampling the piano riff from "All My Life" by K-Ci & JoJo. Nelly later confirmed that "Wadsyaname" was never going to be on Brass Knuckles. He recorded "Party People", featuring Fergie and produced by Polow da Don, which turned out to be his first official single off the album. "Stepped on My J'z" was the next single, produced by Jermaine Dupri; it features Dupri and Ciara. Next was "Body on Me", produced by Akon which features Akon and Ashanti. Nelly appeared on Rick Ross's third single, "Here I Am" featuring label mate Avery Storm. 2009–2010: Collaborations and 5.0 In the summer of 2009, Nelly made a public announcement in Las Vegas about the yet-to-be-titled album. In October 2009, in an interview with SOHH.com he said that the album was going to be released sometime in 2010. In an interview with Semtex TV, he told reporters that he planned to release the album under the name Nelly. In April 2010, Nelly's cousin Michael Johnson was murdered in Missouri. Nelly said that he delayed releasing the album because of the tragedy. Guests featured on the album were T-Pain, Chris Brown, Akon, Plies, T.I., Kelly Rowland, Birdman, DJ Khaled, Avery Storm, and Diddy-Dirty Money. In May 2010, Nelly confirmed that the title of the album was 5.0. The album was released on November 16, 2010. The album's lead single "Just a Dream" was released on August 17, 2010, through iTunes along with the promotional single "Tippin' in da Club". The two songs were released to mainstream and Rhythm/Crossover radio on August 10, 2010. "Just a Dream" made its first chart appearance debuting on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 12 and peaking at number 3 in its fourth week. The song debuted at number 3 on the Billboard Digital Songs chart, selling 888,000 downloads in its first week. "Just a Dream" is Nelly's highest-charting song since his 2005 single "Grillz" and debuted at number 7 on the Billboard Rap Songs. The song entered the Canadian Hot 100 in August 2010, at number 32 It debuted in Australia on the Singles Chart at number 3, in New Zealand Singles Charts at number 29, and in Switzerland at number 52. The second single "Move That Body", which features T-Pain and Akon, was released on October 12, 2010. The song made its first chart appearance debuting on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 54 and reached number 29 in Australia. In October 2010, Nelly featured on the second single by singer Mohombi entitled "Miss Me", produced by RedOne. In November 2010, Nelly appeared on the Pacquiao vs. Margarito pay-per-view, at the Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas. "Gone" is the sequel to his 2002 worldwide number-one single "Dilemma", also with Rowland, and is the third single from the album. 2011–2014: M.O. and The Next: Fame Is at Your Doorstep In June 2011, Pitbull released a song off the deluxe version of the album Planet Pit featuring Nelly titled "My Kinda Girl". In December 2011, he released his first solo mixtape, entitled O.E.MO, which stands for "On Everything MO". The mixtape features guest appearances from T.I., 2 Chainz, Bei Maejor, St. Lunatics and more. In August 2012, Nelly became a coach on The CW's The Next: Fame Is at Your Doorstep along with Gloria Estefan, John Rich and Joe Jonas. Nelly released his second mixtape, entitled Scorpio Season, on November 2, 2012. In February 2013, he released "Hey Porsche", the lead single from his seventh studio album M.O. The song peaked at number 42 on the Billboard Hot 100 and hit the top ten in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. In April 2013, a remix of "Cruise", the breakthrough single of country music duo Florida Georgia Line featuring Nelly, was released. In July 2013, his single "Get Like Me" featuring Nicki Minaj and Pharrell Williams was released on iTunes. Nelly's album M.O. was released on September 30, 2013, by Republic Records. 2014–present: Television series and Heartland From 2014 to 2015, Nelly starred in the reality TV show Nellyville, which ran for two seasons. The BET series is about Nelly's career in music and acting. His four children are featured, two biological, the other two from his late sister. On August 6, 2015, he premiered the single "The Fix", which was released on his own label, "RECORDS". In an interview with Big Boy, Nelly said that there may or may not be a new album related to The Fix. As of 2018, Nelly is signed to Columbia Records. In 2020, he released the song "Lil Bit", a collaboration with Florida Georgia Line from his "country-influenced" album titled Heartland. He also joined country singers Kane Brown and Brett Kissel for remixes of their songs, "Cool Again" and "She Drives Me Crazy". In February 2024, Nelly was featured on the Jermaine Dupri single "This Lil' Game We Play", featuring Ashanti and Juicy J. In August 2024, it was revealed that Nelly was now frequently performing at the Hollywood Casino and Hotel in Maryland Heights, Missouri. In January 2025, it was announced that Nelly would have a residency at Zouk Nightclub in Resorts World Las Vegas, with dates running through the end of August 2025. Film and television career Nelly's film debut began in 2001 in the independent film Snipes, playing a famous rapper named Prolifik. He starred in the 2005 remake of The Longest Yard with Adam Sandler and Chris Rock. The movie's soundtrack includes his songs "Errtime" and "Fly Away". In June 2008, in an interview with Kiwibox, Nelly revealed that he is reluctant to continue his acting career, noting that he does not want to "take away from the culture of acting". In 2008 and 2009, he appeared in episodes of the CBS crime drama CSI: NY. In 2011, he made a cameo appearance on 90210. From 2014 to 2015, he appeared in his own reality TV show, Nellyville, based on the title of his second studio album. The show ran for two seasons. From 2013 to 2016, Nelly was in the main cast of the mockumentary series Real Husbands of Hollywood. In September 2020, Nelly was announced as one of the celebrities competing on the 29th season of Dancing with the Stars. He and his partner Daniella Karagach finished in third place. Artistry Nelly's rapping style has been described by Peter Shapiro as using "unforgettable hooks based on schoolyard songs, double-dutch chants, and nonsense rhymes" and has a "Missouri twang". AllMusic suggests Nelly's style is based largely on where he comes from: "Nelly's locale certainly informs his rapping style, which is as much country as urban, and his dialect as well, which is as much Southern drawl as Midwestern twang". Nelly explains his method of writing in the book How to Rap, describing how he freestyles most of the lyrics before going back over them to "make it a little tighter", he generally writes in the studio rather than at home, he normally comes up with a chorus for a song before writing the verses, and he likes to write to the music he will be rapping over. AllMusic notes his "tongue-twisting" hooks, which are often sung rather than rapped. Personal life Nelly dated singer Ashanti from 2003 to 2013 after meeting at the 2003 Grammy Awards. The two began dating again in 2023. In December 2023, it was reported the couple were expecting their first child together and had married on the 27th. In April 2024, Ashanti confirmed her pregnancy and the couple's engagement in Essence magazine. On July 18, 2024, the couple welcomed their first child. Nelly has two children from previous relationships: a son named Cornell Haynes III and a daughter named Chanelle . Nelly also has two adopted children from his stepsister Jaqueline Donahue, who died of leukemia on March 25, 2005. Nelly has been a longtime fan of the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball. Likewise a fan of the former St. Louis Rams during their tenure in St. Louis from 1995 to 2015, he expressed ongoing support for the team following their relocation to Los Angeles in 2016, even attending their appearance at Super Bowl LVI in 2022. Other ventures Nike and Nelly agreed on a one-year deal in 2003 to release a limited-edition sneaker called the "Air Derrty", which was a retro remake of Charles Barkley's signature sneaker. In 2005, Nelly signed a shoe deal with Reebok. He has been in ads for Got Milk? and the Ford Motor Company. His energy drink Pimp Juice sold one million cans during the first two months after its introduction in August 2003, and was criticized for its name by black consumer activists. He owns Apple Bottoms, a female clothing line, and Vokal, which caters to men. He was one of the owners of the Charlotte Bobcats, along with Robert L. Johnson and Michael Jordan, until Jordan became the majority owner in March 2010. Nelly has played the Main Event at the 2007 World Series of Poker. He has played The PokerStars European Poker Tour and PokerStars Caribbean Adventure. In August 2010, he began a stint as the afternoon host on WHHL HOT 104.1 in St. Louis. He was taking the place of regular PM drive personality, Stacy Static, who left on pregnancy leave. In September 2010, Nelly released a fitness DVD entitled Celebrity Sweat, walking viewers through various exercises and weight training techniques. In 2011, he and Vatterott College worked together to found the Ex'treme Institute By Nelly, which is a music production school in the heart of St. Louis. In 2015, Nelly teamed up with Mike and Ike candy after a halt in collaborating a year earlier. He and the owners of Mike and Ike released a movie trailer the same day titled "The Return of Mike and Ike" describing the split and reunion. In 2021, he collaborated with Burger King on the "Cornell Haynes, Jr. Meal", part of a line of celebrity-themed meals that the establishment created to promote its "Keep It Real Meals", in recognition of their removal of 120 artificial ingredients from its menu items. The meal consisted of a Whopper, small fries, and a small Sprite. In April 2023, Nelly launched a moonshine brand called "MoShine". Feud with Chingy Fellow St. Louis rapper Chingy was hired as an opening act, while touring in support of Nellyville in 2002. Chingy had initially expressed discontent with the lack of promotion on the tour. Meanwhile, reports persisted that Nelly was increasingly irritated with Chingy's growth in fame, particularly when he signed with Ludacris' DTP label shortly following the tour. Nelly claimed he felt disrespected by Chingy's actions, claiming in a 2005 interview; "For him to say that 'Nelly and all them didn't take no part in him getting a deal', is like saying 'RUN DMC and them didn't take any part on me getting a deal', everybody that comes out tries to help the next motherfucker". Nelly dropped a verse on the song 'Anotha one' on his 2004 album Sweat with a line in the song saying, 'I like it how you do it right thurr [there]/You just to remember why you do that right thurr, I made it tight to be country/ They thought country was bummy/ Till country start making money' which was perceived by Chingy as a diss track. In an interview with Nelly in December 2004, he stated that he believed the lyrics were taken out of context, later claiming: "I wasn't going at him. If you listen to the song, it says, 'I like the way you do that right thurr.' I could have said, 'Fuck the way you do that right thurr!' It ain't even like that". Angered by the song, Chingy leaked a song in response taking aim at Nelly entitled 'We Got' on January 7, 2005. In December 2005 at the Radio Music Awards in Las Vegas, Chingy alleges he approached Nelly to end the feud, but claims he refused to discuss in private but was ignored repeatedly. Months later, Chingy approached Nelly's cousin, who allowed both rappers to put an end to the feud in 2006. During an interview in November 2022, Chingy alleged Nelly's sister Jackie had also approached him at an airport, diligent for both to resolve the feud prior to her death due to cancer complications in March 2005, claiming "At that point, she said she had a wish, and that wish was for me and him to come together... When I heard that, I had to end this; for her. This can't go on. She had a wish for this to happen, she really wanted me and her brother to be cool." Philanthropy Nelly runs the non-profit organization 4Sho4Kids Foundation. In March 2003, he and Jackie Donahue, his sister, began the Jes Us 4 Jackie campaign, after Donahue was diagnosed with leukemia. The campaign attempts to educate African Americans and other minorities about the need for bone marrow transplants. It also tries to register more donors. Donahue died of leukemia on March 24, 2005, almost two years after the campaign began. In 2006, Nelly started hosting a "White and Black Ball" in his hometown of St. Louis as a fundraiser to collect funds for scholarships. He has sent two students to college every year for over a decade, and set up a scholarship fund named after Michael Brown was shot and killed. In 2010, Nelly endorsed Do Something's Tackle Hunger campaign. In a public service announcement he filmed for the cause, he challenged teens to fight hunger by collecting one million pounds of food for the holiday season. Legal issues Misdemeanor drug-offense conviction In April 2015, the Tennessee Highway Patrol conducted a traffic stop of Nelly's Prevost tour bus, because of non-conforming U.S. Department of Transportation and International Fuel Tax Association stickers. He, a bus driver, and four other people were on board. After a state trooper said that he smelled marijuana, the troopers searched the bus and said that they found drug paraphernalia and marijuana, as well as a substance that they initially believed to be methamphetamine and several handguns. He was initially booked into the Putnam County Jail and was released on bail. Nelly was initially charged with felony drug possession, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. After further testing proved that the seized substance was not methamphetamine, the felony charge was dropped. In December 2015, the case was resolved when he pleaded guilty to misdemeanor possession of marijuana and misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia, and was sentenced to one year probation. Nelly entered a diversion program, in which the misdemeanor convictions were cleared from his record after 11 months. Tax lien In 2016, it was reported that there was a $2.4 million tax lien against Nelly due to unpaid taxes owed to the IRS. Rape arrest On October 7, 2017, Nelly was arrested in Auburn, Washington, a southern Seattle suburb, on suspicion of second-degree rape after a woman alleged that he invited her onto his tour bus earlier that morning and raped her. Nelly was booked into a Des Moines, Washington, jail and released from custody without charge. He denied wrongdoing; his attorney said that the accusation was "clearly false". On December 14, it was revealed Nelly would not be charged in the case because the alleged victim declined to cooperate. He also filed a countersuit claiming defamation. Both lawsuits were dropped after the parties reached a settlement in 2018. At the end of January 2018, Nelly was again accused of sexual assault after a gig at the Cliffs Pavilion in Westcliff-on-Sea, England, at the end of 2017. There was an additional allegation of assault reported at the time. In 2019, it was reported that he had reached a settlement with the woman who was at Cliffs Pavilion. Drug and insurance arrest On August 7, 2024, Nelly was arrested in St. Louis, Missouri on a failure-to-appear warrant. The warrant stemmed from an earlier traffic charge in Maryland Heights, Missouri. He was charged with possessing four Ecstasy pills and lacking insurance. He was held and then released. His attorney said that Nelly was "targeted by an overzealous, out of line officer", and that his legal representation would ask for an inquiry into the arresting officer's conduct. It was acknowledged that this arrest was originally tied to an arrest warrant, which had been issued by a Judge in December 2023 for a no proof of insurance charge. The arrest was made after the December 2023 arrest warrant was discovered, following a required background check which occurred after Nelly scored jackpot wins at the Hollywood Casino and Hotel in Maryland Heights. After Nelly was pulled over and handcuffed, for the no proof of insurance charge, his car was searched, and the four ecstasy pills were discovered in his possession. According to a statement released by the Missouri State Highway Patrol, the initial patrol contact with Nelly occurred during an "identification verification in accordance with the Missouri Gaming Commission regulations." The arrest warrant had been issued based on a June 2018 infraction, which involved Nelly operating a vehicle without proof of insurance. On November 12, 2024, Chris King, a spokesperson for the St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney's Office, stated that Nelly would not face charges. King claimed that "We don't believe the facts in this case warrant the issuing of charges." Discography Studio albums Country Grammar Nellyville Sweat Suit Brass Knuckles 5.0 M.O. Heartland Filmography Film Television Video Games

=== Curtis Jackson ===
Curtis James Jackson III , known professionally as 50 Cent, is an American rapper, actor, and television producer. Born in South Jamaica, a neighborhood of Queens, Jackson began pursuing a musical career in 1996. In 1999–2000, he recorded his debut album Power of the Dollar for Columbia Records; however, he was struck by nine bullets during a shooting in May 2000, causing its release to be cancelled and Jackson to be dropped from the label. His 2002 mixtape, Guess Who's Back?, was discovered by Detroit rapper Eminem, who signed Jackson to his label Shady Records, an imprint of Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records that same year. His debut studio album, Get Rich or Die Tryin' , was released to critical acclaim and commercial success. Peaking atop the Billboard 200, it spawned the Billboard Hot 100-number one singles "In da Club" and "21 Questions" , and received nonuple platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . That same year, he launched the record label G-Unit Records, namesake of a hip hop group he formed two years prior; the label's initial signees were its members, fellow East Coast rappers Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo. His second album, The Massacre , was met with similar success and supported by his third number-one single, "Candy Shop" . He adopted a lighter, further commercially oriented approach for his third and fourth albums, Curtis and Before I Self Destruct —both were met with critical and commercial declines—and aimed for a return to his roots with his fifth album, Animal Ambition , which was met with mixed reviews. He has since focused on his career in television and media, having executive-produced and starred in the television series Power , as well as its numerous spin-offs under his company G-Unit Films and Television Inc. Jackson has sold over 30 million albums worldwide and earned several accolades, including a Grammy Award, a Primetime Emmy Award, thirteen Billboard Music Awards, six World Music Awards, three American Music Awards and four BET Awards. In his acting career, Jackson first starred in the semi-autobiographical film Get Rich or Die Tryin' , which was critically panned. He was also cast in the war film Home of the Brave , and the crime thriller Righteous Kill . Billboard ranked Jackson as 17th on their "50 Greatest Rappers" list in 2023, and named him the sixth top artist of the 2000s decade. Rolling Stone ranked Get Rich or Die Tryin' and "In da Club" in its lists of the "100 Best Albums of the 2000s" and "100 Best Songs of the 2000s" at numbers 37 and 13, respectively. Early life Jackson was born in the borough of Queens, New York City, and raised in its South Jamaica neighborhood by his mother Sabrina. Sabrina, a drug dealer, raised Jackson until she died in a fire when Jackson was eight years old. Jackson revealed in an interview that his mother was a lesbian. After his mother's death and his father's departure, Jackson was raised by his grandparents. He began boxing at about age 11, and when he was 14, a neighbor opened a boxing gym for local youth. "When I wasn't killing time in school, I was sparring in the gym or selling crack on the strip," Jackson remembered. He sold crack during primary school. "I was competitive in the ring and hip-hop is competitive too ... I think rappers condition themselves like boxers, so they all kind of feel like they're the champ." At age 12, Jackson began dealing narcotics when his grandparents thought he was in after-school programs, and brought guns and drug money to school. In the tenth grade, he was caught by metal detectors at Andrew Jackson High School: "I was embarrassed that I got arrested like that ... After I got arrested I stopped hiding it. I was telling my grandmother [openly], 'I sell drugs.'" On June 29, 1994, Jackson was arrested for selling four vials of cocaine to an undercover police officer. He was arrested again three weeks later, when police searched his home and found heroin, ten ounces of crack cocaine, and a starting pistol. Although Jackson was sentenced to three to nine years in prison, he served six months in a boot camp and earned his GED. He has said that he did not use cocaine himself. Jackson adopted the nickname "50 Cent" as a metaphor for change. The name was inspired by Kelvin Martin, a 1980s Brooklyn robber known as "50 Cent"; Jackson chose it "because it says everything I want it to say. I'm the same kind of person 50 Cent was. I provide for myself by any means." Career 1996–2002: Rise to fame, shooting, and early mixtapes Jackson began rapping in a friend's basement, where he used turntables to record over instrumentals. In 1996, a friend introduced him to Jam Master Jay of Run-DMC, who was establishing Jam Master Jay Records. Jay taught him how to count bars, write choruses, structure songs, and make records. In 1997, A&R of Def Jam Irv Gotti turned down demo tapes from Jackson after Jam Master Jay had shown the songs for a potential record deal with the reason for decline being a style too similar to Jay-Z. Jackson's first appearance was on "React" with Onyx, for their 1998 album Shut 'Em Down, which Gotti was the A&R for. He credited Jam Master Jay for improving his ability to write hooks, and Jay produced Jackson's first album. In 1999, after Jackson left Jam Master Jay, the platinum-selling producers Trackmasters signed him to Columbia Records. They sent him to an upstate New York studio, where he produced 36 songs in two weeks; 18 were included on his 2000 album, Power of the Dollar. Jackson founded Hollow Point Entertainment with former G-Unit member Bang 'Em Smurf. Jackson's popularity began to grow after the successful, controversial underground single "How to Rob", which he wrote in a half-hour car ride to a studio. The track comically describes how he would rob famous artists. Jackson explained the song's rationale: "There's a hundred artists on that label, you gotta separate yourself from that group and make yourself relevant." Rappers Jay-Z, Kurupt, Sticky Fingaz, Big Pun, Wyclef Jean, and the Wu-Tang Clan responded to the track, and Nas invited Jackson to join him on his Nastradamus tour. Although "How to Rob" was intended to be released with "Thug Love" , two days before he was scheduled to film the "Thug Love" music video, Jackson was shot and hospitalized. On May 24, 2000, Jackson was attacked by a gunman outside his grandmother's former home in South Jamaica. After getting into a friend's car, he was asked to return to the house to get some jewelry; his son was in the house, and his grandmother was in the front yard. Jackson returned to the back seat of the car, and another car pulled up nearby; an assailant walked up and fired nine shots at close range with a 9mm handgun. Jackson was shot in the hand, arm, hip, both legs, chest, and left cheek. His facial wound resulted in a swollen tongue, the loss of a wisdom tooth and a slightly slurred voice; his friend was wounded in the hand. They were driven to a hospital, where Jackson spent 13 days. The alleged attacker, Darryl "Homicide" Baum, Mike Tyson's close friend and bodyguard, was killed three weeks later. Jackson recalled the shooting: "It happens so fast that you don't even get a chance to shoot back .... I was scared the whole time ... I was looking in the rear-view mirror like, 'Oh shit, somebody shot me in the face! It burns, burns, burns.'" In his autobiography, From Pieces to Weight: Once upon a Time in Southside Queens, he wrote: "After I got shot nine times at close range and didn't die, I started to think that I must have a purpose in life ... How much more damage could that shell have done? Give me an inch in this direction or that one, and I'm gone." Jackson used a walker for six weeks and fully recovered after five months. When he left the hospital, he stayed in the Poconos with his girlfriend and son, and his workout regime helped him develop a muscular physique. In the hospital, Jackson signed a publishing deal with Columbia Records before he was dropped from the label and blacklisted by the recording industry because of his song, "Ghetto Qu'ran". Unable to work in a U.S. studio, he went to Canada. With business partner Sha Money XL, Jackson recorded over thirty songs for mixtapes to build a reputation. In a HitQuarters interview, Marc Labelle of Shady Records A&R said that Jackson used the mixtape circuit to his advantage: "He took all the hottest beats from every artist and flipped them with better hooks. They then got into all the markets on the mixtapes and all the mixtape DJs were messing with them." Jackson's popularity increased, and in 2002 he released the mixtape Guess Who's Back?. He then released 50 Cent Is the Future backed by G-Unit, a mixtape revisiting material by Jay-Z and Raphael Saadiq. 2002–2007: Mainstream breakthrough, Get Rich or Die Tryin, and The Massacre In 2002, Eminem heard Jackson's Guess Who's Back? album, received from Jackson's attorney . Impressed, Eminem invited Jackson to fly to Los Angeles and introduced him to Dr. Dre. After signing a $1 million record deal, Jackson released No Mercy, No Fear. The mixtape featured one new track, "Wanksta", which appeared on Eminem's 8 Mile soundtrack. Jackson was also signed by Violator Management and Sha Money XL's Money Management Group. 50 Cent released his debut album, Get Rich or Die Tryin' , in February 2003. Rolling Stone noted its "dark synth grooves, buzzy keyboards and a persistently funky bounce", with Jackson complementing the production in "an unflappable, laid-back flow". It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, selling 872,000 copies in its first four days. The lead single, "In da Club" , set a Billboard record as the most listened-to song in radio history within a week. Interscope began funding and distributing for Jackson's label, G-Unit Records, in 2003. He signed Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo and Young Buck as members of G-Unit, and The Game was later signed in a joint venture with Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment. G-Unit Records replaced Jackson's previous imprint, Rotten Apple Entertainment. 50 Cent executive produced Lloyd Banks's June 2004 debut studio album, The Hunger for More, which achieved Platinum status in America. 50 Cent also contributed vocals to Lloyd Banks's hit single, "On Fire". In March 2005, 50 Cent's second commercial album, The Massacre, sold 1.14 million copies in its first four days and was number one on the Billboard 200 for six weeks. He was the first solo artist with three singles in the Billboard top five in the same week with "Candy Shop", "Disco Inferno" and "How We Do". According to Rolling Stone, "50's secret weapon is his singing voice - the deceptively amateur-sounding tenor croon that he deploys on almost every chorus". 50 Cent's video game, 50 Cent: Bulletproof was released in November 2005. 50 Cent portrays himself and provides his likeness and voice in the video game, with the video game also featuring music from his first two studio albums. After The Game's departure Jackson signed Olivia and rap veterans Mobb Deep to G-Unit Records, with Spider Loc, M.O.P., 40 Glocc and Young Hot Rod later joining the label, who all eventually departed the label. Jackson expressed an interest in working with rappers other than G-Unit, such as Lil' Scrappy of BME, LL Cool J of Def Jam, Mase of Bad Boy and Freeway of Roc-A-Fella, and recorded with several. 2007–2010: Curtis, sales battle with Kanye West, and Before I Self Destruct In September 2007, 50 Cent released his third album, Curtis, which was inspired by his life before Get Rich or Die Tryin'. It debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 691,000 copies during its first week. It sold behind Kanye West's Graduation, released the same day; the outcome of this highly-publicized sales battle between Jackson and West has been accredited to the commercial decline of the gangsta rap and "bling era" style that previously dominated mainstream hip-hop. On September 10, 2008, episode of Total Request Live, Jackson said his fourth studio album, Before I Self Destruct, would be "done and released in November". He released "Ok, You're Right", produced by Dr. Dre for Before I Self Destruct, on May 18, 2009, and was scheduled to appear in a fall 2009 episode of VH1's Behind the Music. On September 3, 2009, Jackson posted a video for the Soundkillers' Phoenix- produced track, "Flight 187", introducing his mixtape and book . The song, with lyrics inspiring speculation about tension between Jackson and Jay-Z, was a bonus track on the iTunes version of Before I Self Destruct. Before I Self Destruct was released on November 9, 2009, and debuted at number 5 on the Billboard 200, giving 50 Cent his fourth consecutive top 5 album in the U.S. 2010–2015: New musical directions, new business ventures, and Animal Ambition In a Contactmusic.com interview, Jackson said he was working on a Eurodance album, Black Magic, inspired by European nightclubs: "First they played hip-hop which suddenly changed to uptempo songs, known as Eurodance". He later said he had changed his next album to The Return of the Heartless Monster after writing different material when he returned home from the Invitation Tour in 2010, shelving Black Magic. On September 3, Jackson supported Eminem on his and Jay-Z's The Home & Home Tour, performing "Crack A Bottle" with Eminem and Dr. Dre amid rumors of tension between Jackson and Dre. He "recorded 20 songs to a whole different album concept" before putting them aside, wanting his new album to have the "aggression" of Get Rich or Die Tryin'. Jackson tweeted that the album was "80 percent done" and fans could expect it in the summer of 2011. It was ultimately delayed a year due to disagreements with Interscope Records, with Jackson saying that he would release it in November 2011 with a different title than Black Magic. Eminem would appear on the album, and Jackson said he was working with new producers such as Boi-1da and Alex da Kid. Cardiak, who produced Lloyd Banks' "Start It Up", confirmed that he produced a song for the upcoming album. Jackson released a song, "Outlaw", from his fifth album on the Internet on June 16, 2011. The single, produced by Cardiak, was released on iTunes on July 19 . The rapper planned to write a semi-autobiographical young-adult novel about bullying, different from his previous books which focused on his life and the rules of power. According to the book's publisher, the first-person novel was scheduled for publication in January 2012. In a series of tweets, Jackson said that the delay of his fifth album was due to disagreements with Interscope Records, later suggesting that it would be released in November 2011 with his headphone line . He speculated to MTV News about not renewing his five-album contract with Interscope: "I don't know ... It will all be clear in the negotiations following me turning this actual album in. And, of course, the performance and how they actually treat the work will determine whether you still want to stay in that position or not." On June 20, 2011, Jackson announced the release of Before I Self Destruct II after his fifth album. Although he planned to shoot a music video for the fifth album's lead single, "I'm On It", on June 26 the video was never filmed. Jackson told Shade45, "I did four songs in Detroit with Eminem. I did two with Just Blaze, a Boi-1da joint, and I did something with Alex da Kid. We made two that are definite singles and the other two are the kinds of records that we been making, more aimed at my core audience, more aggressive, more of a different kind of energy to it." He released "Street King Energy Track #7" in September 2011 to promote Street King, his charity-based energy drink. An announcement that Jackson was shooting a music video for "Girls Go Wild", the fifth-album lead single featuring Jeremih, was made on September 28, 2011. Jackson's fifth album, Street King Immortal, was initially scheduled for a summer 2012 release and postponed until November 13. Disagreements with Interscope Records about its release and promotion led to its temporary cancellation. Its first promo single, "New Day" with Dr. Dre and Alicia Keys, was released on July 27. The song was produced by Dr. Dre, mixed by Eminem and written by 50 Cent, Alicia Keys, Royce da 5'9" and Dr. Dre. A solo version by Keys was leaked by her husband, Swizz Beatz. "My Life", the album's second promo single , was released on November 26, 2012. In January 2014, Jackson said he planned to release Animal Ambition in the first quarter of the year, followed by Street King Immortal. On February 20, he left Shady Records, Aftermath Entertainment, and Interscope, signing with Caroline and Capitol Music Group. According to Jackson, although he owed Interscope another album, he was released from his contract because of his friendship with Eminem and Dr. Dre: "I'm a special case and situation. It's also because of the leverage of having the strong relationships with Eminem and Dr. Dre. They don't want me to be uncomfortable. They value our friendship to the point that they would never want [to jeopardize] it over that little bit of money." That day, he announced that Animal Ambition would be released on June 3 and released its first track. The song, "Funeral", was released with a video on Forbes.com. Produced by Jake One, it is a continuation of "50 Bars" from a previous album; two more tracks were scheduled for release on March 18. At South by Southwest in Austin, Texas, Jackson performed "Hold On" from the new album. That song and "Don't Worry 'Bout It" were released with accompanying videos on March 18. According to Jackson, prosperity would be a theme of the album: "This project, I had to search for a concept, a really good concept, in my perspective, and that was prosperity. I outlined all the things that would be a part of prosperity, positive and negative [for Animal Ambition]." Animal Ambition debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200, giving 50 Cent his fifth consecutive top five album in the country, while also debuting at number one on Billboard's Independent Albums chart. 2015–2021: Street King Immortal, bankruptcy, and departure from Interscope On May 14, 2015, Jackson revealed in an interview that the first single from Street King Immortal, would be previewed Memorial Day weekend and would likely be released in June. Jackson released "Get Low" on May 20, 2015, as the intended first single from his sixth studio album, Street King Immortal. The song, produced by Remo the Hitmaker, features vocals from fellow American rappers 2 Chainz and T.I., as well as American singer Jeremih. He announced bankruptcy on July 13, 2015. On March 31, 2017, Interscope Records released 50 Cent's final album for the label, a greatest hits album titled Best Of. In 2020, Jackson led the executive-producer duties for late rapper Pop Smoke's debut album, Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon, having been one of Pop Smoke's biggest inspirations. The album was released on July 3, 2020. Jackson curated the album, desiring to finish it after Pop had died. He contacted many of the artists involved, and also features on one of the album tracks, "The Woo". The Woo also features vocals from fellow American rapper Roddy Ricch. In 2020, it was reported that Jackson was producing two television series for Starz, an anthology about hip hop and a biographical drama about sports agent Nicole Lynn. In 2021, he became one of the headliners of the music festival Golden Sand in Riviera Maya. In a July 2021 interview with The Independent, 50 Cent confirmed that he had officially decided to shelve his Street King Immortal album after it spent a decade in development hell. He even confirmed that he plans to release a completely new project. 2021–present: Focusing on acting and media production, Super Bowl LVI halftime show performance In May 2021, Curtis Jackson moved to Houston. This was thought to be for lower taxes, no income tax, and for the rapper scene, as well as other ventures such as writing new screenplays. Also, Jackson, Horizon United Group, and Houston Independent School District began a partnership on a project that would help high school students learn the business skills that define successful entrepreneurship. While living in Houston, Curtis Jackson was in the process of writing screenplays for new crime shows. In August 2021, he was confirmed to be starring in the upcoming Expend4bles film. In September 2021, Starz released BMF, a series based on two brothers in Detroit who ran a drug trafficking and money laundering operation from the mid-1980s until 2005. Jackson is the executive producer of the show, which is based on a true story. On February 13, 2022, 50 Cent was a surprise performer in the Super Bowl LVI halftime show, receiving a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Special in September for the performance. Artistry Jackson cites Boogie Down Productions, Big Daddy Kane, The Juice Crew, EPMD and KRS-One as his rapping influences, while citing LL Cool J as an inspiration behind his writing of "21 Questions". Jackson also states that he drew influences from Nas, Rakim and The Notorious B.I.G. while working on Animal Ambition. Business ventures Jackson has had a highly successful business career. He is financially invested in a highly diversified variety of industries. Jackson is now involved in artist and talent management, record, television, and film production, footwear, apparel, fragrances, liquor, video games, mobile apps, book publishing, headphones, along with health drinks and dietary supplements. His broad business and investment portfolio contains investments in a variety of sectors including real estate, financial market investments, mining, boxing promotion, vodka, fragrances, consumer electronics and fashion. He established his own record label G-Unit Records in 2003 following his mainstream success. In November 2003, he signed a five-year deal with Reebok to distribute a G-Unit Sneakers line for his G-Unit Clothing Company. In an interview, Jackson said his businesses had a habit of doing well as he saw all of his ventures both past and present as revolving around his alter ego. Jackson has also started a book publishing imprint, G-Unit Books on January 4, 2007, at the Time Warner Building in New York. He has written a number of books including a memoir, From Pieces To Weight in 2005 where it sold 73,000 copies in hardcover and 14,000 copies in paperback; a crime novel and a book with Robert Greene titled The 50th Law, an urban take on The 48 Laws of Power. In November 2011, Jackson released 50 Cent's Playground, a young adult fiction novel about a bullied, violent boy and his gay mother. One of Jackson's first business ventures was a partnership with Glacéau to create an enhanced water drink called Formula 50. In October 2004, Jackson became a beverage investor when he was given a minority share in the company in exchange for becoming a spokesperson after learning that he was a fan of the beverage. The health conscious Jackson noted that he first learned of the product while at a gym in Los Angeles, and stated that "they do such a good job making water taste good". After becoming a minority shareholder and celebrity spokesperson, Jackson worked with the company to create a new grape flavored "Formula 50" variant of VitaminWater and mentioned the drinks in various songs and interviews. In 2007, Coca-Cola purchased Glacéau for $4.1 billion and, according to Forbes, Jackson, who was a minority shareholder, earned $100 million from the deal after taxes. Though he no longer has an equity stake in the company, Jackson continues to act as a spokesperson for VitaminWater, supporting the product including singing about it at the BET Awards and expressing his excitement over the company's continuing to allow his input on products. He joined Right Guard to introduce a body spray and endorsed Magic Stick condoms, planning to donate part of their proceeds to increasing HIV awareness. Jackson signed a multi-year deal with Steiner Sports to sell his memorabilia, and announced plans for a dietary-supplement company in conjunction with his film Spectacular Regret in August 2007. Jackson has founded two film production companies: G-Unit Films in 2003 and Cheetah Vision in 2008. Cheetah Vision produces low budget action thrillers for foreign film markets across the world. When G-Unit Films folded, he focused on Cheetah Vision and the company obtained $200 million in funding in 2010. In 2010, Jackson revived G-Unit Films, renaming the company to G-Unit Films and Television Inc. The company has joint ventures with Will Packer's production company Will Packer Productions and Universal Television. In over 18 months, Jackson has sold projects to six different networks. Among them was Power, a STARZ drama in which he not only co-stars but also serves as co-creator and executive producer. Power debuted in June 2014 and was renewed for a second season after one episode. Jackson serves as a co-star, co-creator and executive television producer of the STARZ network drama where he signed a 2-year contract with representation coming from the Agency for the Performing Arts. Ratings have been a success for Starz. with the second-season premiere being the highest-ever season with 1.43 million people tuning in live. "Power" ended in 2020. Jackson is the executive producer of three of its spin-offs, "PowerBook II: Ghost," "PowerBook III: Raising Kanan," and "Powerbook IV: Force." In 2002, Jackson filed an application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office to register the term "50 Cent" as a trademark for clothing, sound recordings, and live performances. The application was published in 2003, and registration issued in 2004. He has since filed for additional trademark registrations. In July 2011, Jackson launched a philanthropic initiative to provide food for one billion starving people in Africa by 2016, joining Pure Growth Partners to introduce Street King. A portion of the proceeds from each Street King purchase would be used to provide a daily meal to an underprivileged child. The partnership coincides with Jackson's goal to feed a billion people in Africa during the next five years. "50 Cent and I share a common vision: to address the world's problems through smart and sustainable business models," said Chris Clarke, founder and CEO of Pure Growth Partners. "With the rampant starvation in Africa and hunger afflicting children worldwide, we need socially responsible businesses that affect real change now more than ever." Jackson said, "I'm inspired by Clarke's vision and innovative approaches to tackling serious issues. It's our mission with Street King to really change children's lives around the world." In 2011, he founded SMS Audio, a consumer-electronics company selling Street by 50 headphones, pledging to donate a portion of their sales to charity. In April 2015, SMS announced new co-branding deals with Reebok and Marvel. It added those to existing partnerships with Walt Disney Parks, Lucasfilm's Star Wars, and Intel. In 2014, Jackson became a minority shareholder in Effen Vodka, a brand of vodka produced in the Netherlands, when he invested undisclosed amount in the company Sire Spirits LLC. He currently endorses the product via his live concert performances and social media. The rapper was asked to take part in two promotional bottle signings, one in Oak Creek and another in Sun Prairie. Jackson made an appearance at Liquor Warehouse in Syracuse, New York on April 25, 2015, where he reportedly sold 1,400 bottles of Jackson's signature liquor brand. Liquor Warehouse's owner George Angeloro reportedly stocked 300 cases of Effen Vodka, which sells for $30 a bottle, prior to the event. In December 2014, Jackson signed a $78 million deal with FRIGO Revolution Wear, a luxury underwear brand. The joint venture is partnered between Jackson, basketball player Carmelo Anthony, baseball player Derek Jeter and Mathias Ingvarsson, the former president of mattress company Tempur-Pedic. Jackson became the chief fashion designer for the brands single pair of Frigo boxers. In April 2015, Jackson mulled investing in Jamaica, exploring foreign investment opportunities on the island when he met with some local officials and had ongoing discussions on investment opportunities in the Montego Bay resort area. Investments Over the years, Jackson invested his earnings from music and celebrity endorsements in an array of privately controlled companies, real estate, and stocks and bonds. A portion of his investments lost value during the 2008 recession. In December 2008, he told the Canadian press that he had been affected by the recession, losing several million dollars in the stock market. Unable to sell his Connecticut mansion, Jackson postponed Before I Self-Destruct due to the severity of the economic downturn. His Farmington mansion located on 50 Poplar Hill Drive that he tried to sell for years filed for bankruptcy in Connecticut in 2015 listed an asking price for that property in 2012 at $10 million but was valued at $8.3 million in 2015. He first tried to sell the house in 2007 for $18.5 million, and dropped the price several times in the next five years, when it was on and off the market. In January 2011, Jackson reportedly made $10 million after using Twitter to promote a marketing company which he was part shareholder of. His endorsements company G Unit Brands Inc. revealed through a public SEC filing controls 12.9 per cent of H&H Imports, which is a parent company of TV Goods – the firm responsible for marketing his range of headphones, Sleek by 50 Cent. Jackson bought stock in the company on November 30, 2010, a week after it offered buyers 180 million shares at 17 cents each. Jackson later made a stock recommendation on Twitter, causing its share value to rise from four cents to nearly 50 cents each, closing on Monday at 39 cents. Jackson was later investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for breaching securities laws following his tweet which may have constituted allegations of insider trading via his pump and dump stock investment strategy. In 2013, Jackson became a minority investor in Hang w/, a live video broadcasting mobile app used by dozens of celebrities to broadcast their daily activities and chat with fans. The app was downloaded more than 1 million times since its launch in March 2013 and had more than 1 million users as of February 2015. Other minority celebrity investors include former NFL player Terrell Owens and record producer Timbaland. Mining and heavy metals In 2008, Jackson visited a platinum, palladium and iridium mine shaft in South Africa, and met with South African billionaire Patrice Motsepe in talks of purchasing an equity stake in the mine. After his meeting with Motsepe, Jackson considered purchasing equity in the mine and launching his own line of 50 Cent branded platinum. Boxing promotion On July 21, 2012, Jackson became a licensed boxing promoter when he formed his new company, TMT . Licensed to promote in New York, he was in the process of being licensed in Nevada . A former amateur boxer, Jackson signed gold medalist and former featherweight champion Yuriorkis Gamboa and middleweight Olympic medalist Andre Dirrell. On July 29, 2012, he and the boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. signed IBF featherweight champion Billy Dib. They unveiled plans to challenge the box-office dominance of mixed martial arts and change the landscape of boxing with TMT Promotions. Boxer Zab Judah also expressed interest in making a deal with Jackson. In December 2012, Mayweather and Jackson parted company, with Jackson taking over the promotion company and founding SMS Promotions with Gamboa, Dirrell, Dib, James Kirkland, Luis Olivares and Donte Strayhorn in his stable. Bankruptcy On July 13, 2015, Jackson filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Connecticut with a debt of $32,509,549.91. On July 17, 2015, the Court issued an order allowing a creditor to proceed with the punitive damages phase of a trial against Jackson in a New York state court, in connection with the alleged release of a private video. His assets were listed as between $10 million and $50 million in his bankruptcy petition, though he testified under oath that he is worth $4.4 million. He said that he had between $10 million and $50 million in debt, and the same amount in assets. Later in the week, Jackson's bankruptcy lawyers elucidated through the court documents that legal fees and judgments exceeding $20 million over the past year were the primary cause of the filing. His filings listed 32 entities that he had a stake in. The bankruptcy came days after a jury ordered him to pay $5 million to rapper Rick Ross's ex-girlfriend Lastonia Leviston for invading her privacy by posting online a sex tape of her and another man. In addition, Jackson lost a dispute over a failed business deal involving his Sleek headphones, where Jackson invested more than $2 million. An ex-partner accused Jackson of later stealing the design of the "Sleek by 50" headphones, prompting a judge to award the partner more than $17.2 million. His Connecticut bankruptcy filing stated that he owned seven cars valued at more than $500,000, including a 2010 Rolls-Royce and a 1966 Chevrolet Coupe. His expenses of $108,000 a month included $5,000 for gardening. He reported a monthly income of $185,000, mainly from royalties and income from his external businesses and investments. The court filing said he also owed money to his stylist, his barber, and his fitness coach. Other details in the bankruptcy documents included information about two deals that sold the right to collect royalties of on-air play of his music. Half the rights to his portfolio were sold to the British independent music publishing company Kobalt Music Group for $3 million and the other half for another $3 million with the sales of his albums allowing Jackson to own 100 percent of the rights to the master recordings while paying only for distribution. Zeisler & Zeisler, a Bridgeport law firm, represented 50 Cent in the bankruptcy, which later resulted in Jackson filing a $75 million lawsuit against his own lawyers. He stated that his lawyers did a terrible job of representing him, specifically citing the fallout of his failed venture with Sleek Audio headphones. He accused Garvey Schubert Barer, a Wall Street law firm, of failing to "employ the requisite knowledge and skill necessary to confront the circumstances of the case". Corporate positions G-Unity Foundation Inc. – Founder SMS Audio – CEO, founder SK Energy – Founder SMS Promotions – CEO, founder Sire Spirits – Owner Effen Vodka – Former minority shareholder Personal life 50 Cent has said his life philosophy, following his shooting, is "When your time comes, you go. I think that comes from God." Despite having numerous songs that reference drug and alcohol usage and his ownership of Branson Cognac, Jackson remains a teetotaler, citing a bad experience with alcohol as his main reason. Forbes noted Jackson's wealth in 2007, ranking him second behind Jay-Z in the rap industry. He lived in a Farmington, Connecticut, mansion formerly owned by ex-boxer Mike Tyson. Jackson listed the mansion for sale in 2007 at $18.5 million to move closer to his son . In 2019, the mansion was sold for $2.9 million, with $1 million being donated to tax-deducted charities. The mayor of Bridgeport, Connecticut, declared October 12, 2007 "50 Cent Curtis Jackson Day", honoring the rapper with a proclamation and a key to the city. One of Jackson's New York homes, purchased in January 2007 for $2.4 million and the center of a lawsuit between Jackson and Shaniqua Tompkins, caught fire on May 31, 2008, while he was filming in Louisiana. Family and relationships On October 13, 1996, Jackson's girlfriend, Shaniqua Tompkins, gave birth to son Marquise. Tompkins later sued Jackson for $50 million in 2009, saying he promised to take care of her for life. The suit, with 15 causes of action, was dismissed by a judge who called it "an unfortunate tale of a love relationship gone sour". The two have bickered for years, and have even taken their feud to social media many times. Marquise's birth changed Jackson's outlook on life: "When my son came into my life, my priorities changed, because I wanted to have the relationship with him that I didn't have with my father." He credited his son for inspiring his career and being the "motivation to go in a different direction". Despite this, the two have endured a fractured relationship that began when Jackson and Tompkins separated in 2008. Their feud has been taken to social media numerous times, including in 2020 when Jackson disclosed that he "used to" love his son. Jackson has a tattoo "Marquise" with an axe on his right biceps , and has "50", "Southside" and "Cold World" on his back: "I'm a product of that environment. It's on my back, though, so it's all behind me". In 2003, Jackson briefly dated actress Vivica A. Fox. He broke up with her only eight months later on the radio. Jackson dated model Daphne Joy and had his second son, Sire Jackson, with her, on September 1, 2012. At the age of two years, Sire modeled for Kidz Safe, a headphone brand for kids, earning $700,000 through his contract. In 2024, on a post on Instagram to promote his Cognac brand, Jackson stated that he had been practicing celibacy. Jackson stated: "My new idea is so big, I don't have time to be distracted I'm practicing abstinence, I have been meditating and focusing on my goals." Jackson further clarified his stance during an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, stating, "Listen, when you calm down you can focus....I've been good to me." In the same interview, Jackson also opened up about his decision to not marry, stating that, "I'm safe. I'm not a happy hostage. I'm here. I'm free. I made some mistakes, just not that one....I want someone I can love in my life too, just not right now, I'm fine." Political views In 2005, Jackson supported President George W. Bush after rapper Kanye West criticized Bush for a slow response to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. If his felony convictions did not prevent him from voting, he said that he would have voted for the president. Jackson later said that Bush "has less compassion than the average human. By all means, I don't aspire to be like George Bush." In September 2007, he told Time that although he would not endorse a candidate in 2008, he "liked Hillary [Clinton]". Six months later, the rapper told MTV News that he had switched his support to Barack Obama after hearing him speak, but had lost interest in politics. Asked his opinion of President Obama's May 9, 2012, endorsement of gay marriage, Jackson said, "I'm for it ... I've encouraged same-sex activities. I've engaged in fetish areas a couple times." He had been criticized for anti-gay comments in the past. Jackson endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the run-up for the 2016 U.S. presidential election. He rejected an offer of $500,000 from the Trump campaign to make an appearance on the candidate's behalf. However, he endorsed Donald Trump in 2020, due to his dislike of Joe Biden's tax plans. A week later, he retracted his endorsement, saying on Twitter "Fuck Donald Trump, I never liked him", and endorsed Biden. Legal issues On June 29, 1994, Jackson was arrested for selling four vials of cocaine to an undercover police officer. He was arrested again three weeks later, when police searched his home and found heroin, ten ounces of crack cocaine and a starter's pistol. Although Jackson was sentenced to three to nine years in prison, he served six months in a boot camp . According to him, he did not use cocaine. Jackson and four members of his entourage were arrested shortly before 2 a.m. on December 31, 2002, when police found a .25-caliber handgun and a .45-caliber pistol in a parked car outside a Manhattan nightclub. The rapper was charged with two counts of criminal possession of a weapon. Jackson was sentenced to two years' probation on July 22, 2005, for a May 2004 incident, when he was charged with three counts of assault and battery after jumping into an audience when he was hit by a water bottle. Lawsuits Use of image Jackson filed a lawsuit against an advertising company, Traffix of Pearl River, New York, on July 21, 2007, for using his image in a promotion he said threatened his safety. He was alerted by a staff member to an Internet advertisement on a Myspace page. According to court documents, the advertisement had a cartoon image of the rapper with "Shoot the rapper and you will win $5000 or five ring tones guaranteed". Although the ad did not use his name, the image allegedly resembled him and suggested that he endorsed the product. The lawsuit, calling the ad a "vile, tasteless and despicable" use of Jackson's image which "quite literally call[ed] for violence against him", sought unspecified punitive damages and a permanent injunction against the use of his image without permission. Use of name In 2008, Jackson sued Taco Bell over an ad campaign that used his name without permission, in which it invited him to change his name for one day from 50 Cent to 79 Cent, 89 Cent, or 99 Cent, in line with pricing for some of its items, and they would donate $10,000 to the charity of his choice. The case was settled out of court in his favor in November 2009. Janitor incident While walking through Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport in May 2016, Jackson harassed and insulted a janitor at the airport, accusing him of being under the influence. The janitor was a hearing-impaired, autistic teenager named Andrew Farrell. The parents of the janitor had seen the viral video as disrespect and wanted to sue Jackson for his action against their child. The lawsuit was originally over one million dollars, but the parents settled for a $100,000 donation to Autism Speaks and his apology. Bamba sample In 2016, a judge declared that Brandon Parrott gave Dr. Dre and 50 Cent the rights to "Bamba" for the song "P.I.M.P." Other civil and criminal matters One of his New York homes, purchased for $2.4 million in January 2007 and the center of a lawsuit between Jackson and Shaniqua Tompkins, caught fire on May 30, 2008, while he was filming in Louisiana. On August 5, 2013, Jackson pleaded not guilty to one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism in a Los Angeles County court. If convicted of all charges, he faced up to five years in prison and a $46,000 fine. Model-actress Daphne Joy accused Jackson of kicking her and ransacking her bedroom during an argument at her condominium in the Toluca Lake neighborhood of Los Angeles on June 23. He allegedly caused $7,100 in property damage, leaving the scene before police arrived. Judge Ann Nevins has ordered Jackson back to court because of Instagram messages he made over several months. She said Jackson was not fully clear about his funds and indicated posts of the rapper showing stacks of his money. In March 2016, Jackson claimed that he would no longer use Instagram, electing instead to have his profile page operated by someone else. In 2020, Jackson was a subject of controversy for his involvement in a viral video of him giving money to a Burger King restaurant in New York City on behalf of a local scammer who was later arrested and charged for Bitcoin scamming and for assaulting and kidnapping his victims on April 24, 2021. Feuds Ja Rule Before he signed with Interscope Records, Jackson engaged in a public dispute with rapper Ja Rule and his label, Murder Inc. Records, saying that a friend robbed jewelry from Ja Rule and the latter accused him of orchestrating the robbery. Ja Rule said that the conflict stemmed from a Queens video shoot, when Jackson did not like seeing him "getting so much love" from the neighborhood. At The Hit Factory in New York in March 2000, Jackson had an altercation with Murder Inc. associates and received three stitches for a stab wound. Rapper Black Child claimed responsibility for the stabbing, saying that he acted in self-defense when he thought someone reached for a gun. An affidavit by an Internal Revenue Service agent suggested ties between Murder Inc. and Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff, a New York drug lord suspected of involvement in the murder of Jam Master Jay and Jackson's shooting. An excerpt read: The investigation has uncovered a conspiracy involving McGriff and others to murder a rap artist who has released songs containing lyrics regarding McGriff's criminal activities. The rap artist was shot in 2000, survived and thereafter refused to cooperate with law enforcement regarding the shooting. Messages transmitted over the Murder Inc. pager indicate that McGriff is involved in an ongoing plot to kill this rap artist, and that he communicates with Murder Inc. employees concerning the target. The end of the Jackson-Ja Rule feud was confirmed in May 2011. According to Ja Rule, "I'm cool. We ain't beefing no more. We'll never collaborate. That's just what it is. You don't have to be at war with somebody, but it's also kind of like U.S. and another country that they may not get along with. We don't gotta go to war, but we're not friends either. But we can coincide inside of a world. He's doing him, and he's not thinking about me, and I'm doing me and I'm not thinking about him." On August 7, 2015, the feud between the two rappers later reignited when Ja Rule gave a feedback to a social follower via Twitter over a similar feud between Meek Mill and Drake. Enraged, Jackson later responded with photos and comments via Instagram, only siding with Drake. The feud resurfaced three years later on January 19, 2018, when Ja Rule took to Twitter, calling out 50 Cent on social media. In October 2018, Jackson pranked Ja Rule by purchasing 200 discounted front-row tickets for an upcoming show of his in Arlington, Texas for a total of US$3,000 via Groupon, with Jackson later confirming on social media that he bought the tickets with the express intention of forcing Ja Rule to perform in front of rows of empty seats. Jay-Z and Beyoncé In 1999, with the release of the single "How to Rob", 50 Cent attacked his rap peers, including Jay-Z, who responded to the provocation with the single "It's Hot " in which he raps "Go against Jigga yo ass is dense/I'm about a dollar – what the f*ck is 50 Cents?". In a 2009 interview with Rolling Stone, 50 Cent accused Jay-Z and his record company Roc-A-Fella Records of being unfair to Beanie Sigel because "[Jay-Z] didn't have their interests in mind, he was just doing what he had to do for himself." The rapper also stated that "I don't know him personally, [...] I tried to collaborate with him on the Freeway project ... What I did was Freeway went out and found his publishing deal, and we started the album. [...] when it came time to put the record out, he didn't want to shoot his video. He has a god complex." 50 Cent also accused Jay-Z of changing in attitude and image since marrying Beyoncé. In 2017, 50 Cent described Jay-Z's thirteenth studio album 4:44 as "golf course music" in a Instagram post, elaborating: "I listened to Jay sh*t, that 4:44. [...] [It] was too smart. I felt like I was supposed to be wearing like glasses and shit and like a tie, a fucking sweater around my waist. It was like Ivy League. They don't wanna hear that shit. [...] They just wanna have a good time. You know what I'm saying? You can't be the best rapper at 47 because the new n****s is here. They coming with new [music] going on." In an interview on the Conan Show, 50 Cent spoke about the album, saying: "Hip-hop culture's connected to youth culture. The kids gonna bring new innovative stuff. He just had the maturity bleed off into the material. [...] But the kids, I don't see them actually listening to it". In an interview in 2022, 50 Cent reported that in a meeting between him and the couple in Los Angeles, the two rappers were having a heated argument. Beyoncé, seeing them, jumped from a ledge to come to her husband's defense. 50 Cent compared the singer to her sister Solange when she hit Jay-Z in the elevator, describing them as "two gangstas". In an interview for XXL Mag in 2023, 50 Cent claimed that Jay-Z's Grammy wins were due to his marriage to Beyoncé: "Even Jay-Z's career, you can look at that and say the association to Beyoncé is when he started to receive the 16, 17 Grammys, since he's been with Beyoncé. And you go, prior to that [he had] one. That came with the association." 50 Cent also pointed out that the couple's eldest child Blue Ivy Carter won a Grammy even though she does not sing or rap, accusing award ceremonies of giving accolades to the couple just to ensure their attendance during the show. The rapper also reported that his non-win at the Grammys was due to his music being "a little bit abrasive to conservatives; [...] It didn't matter to me in that time period. Don't give me the trophy. They didn't give me Best New Artist and I sold 13 million records", while the Carter-Knowles family is more politically agreeable to the music industry. Fat Joe In connection to his feud with Ja Rule, 50 Cent also took aim at fellow New York rapper Fat Joe, a high-profile collaborator of Ja Rule's. The feud took aim at Fat Joe following his 2002 track What's Luv? featuring Ja Rule and Ashanti. Fat Joe had also continued his collaboration with Murder Inc. on his 2004 track "New York" featuring Jadakiss, prompting a diss track aimed at Fat Joe from 50 Cent on his 2005 album The Massacre entitled Piggy Bank. Fat Joe later responded with the track "My Fofo" on his album All or Nothing released later that same year. Tensions boiled over during the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards when Fat Joe presented the award for best Hip Hop Video, in which he told the audience "I feel so safe tonight with all this police protection courtesy of G-Unit". 50 Cent later retaliated with a profanity-laden diatribe following his performance of the song So Seductive with fellow G-Unit artist Tony Yayo, exclaiming "Fat Joe's a pussy man! [...] Pussy Boy, Nigga What?!". The feud later affected Fat Joe financially as he sought to secure a $20 million contract endorsing Air Jordan sneakers in early 2005, Michael Jordan himself later cancelled the contract following the VMA incident as he was in fear of conflict with 50 Cent or any other affiliates. Following this; little action was taken on either side as the feud seemed to calm down by 2011. Murder Inc. executive Irv Gotti later expressed anger at Fat Joe following his proposal to quell their longstanding feud with G-Unit in 2010. In 2012, 50 Cent approached Fat Joe in talks of ending the feud following the two agreeing to perform at a memorial ceremony for then-recently deceased music executive Chris Lighty. Despite the prior history between the two, 50 Cent and Fat Joe became close friends and business associates shortly thereafter despite Fat Joe's lengthy connections with Ja Rule. The Game Although Jackson was close to The Game before the latter released his debut album, The Documentary, they grew apart. After The Documentary's release, Jackson felt that The Game was disloyal for saying that he did not want to participate in G-Unit's feuds with other rappers and his desire to work with artists with which G-Unit was feuding. He said that he wrote six songs for the album and did not receive proper credit, which The Game denied. Jackson later dismissed The Game from G-Unit on Hot 97. After the announcement, The Game tried to enter the building with his entourage. After they were denied entry, one of his associates was shot in the leg in a confrontation with a group of men leaving the building. When the situation escalated, the rappers held a joint press conference announcing their reconciliation, and fans were uncertain if the rappers had staged a publicity stunt to boost sales of their recently released albums. After the situation cooled, G-Unit criticized The Game's street credibility and announced that they would not appear on his albums. During a Summer Jam performance The Game announced a boycott of G-Unit, which he called "G-Unot". After the Summer Jam performance The Game recorded "300 Bars and Runnin'", an extended "diss" of G-Unit and Roc-A-Fella Records, for the mixtape You Know What It Is Vol. 3. Jackson responded with his "Piggy Bank" music video, with The Game as Mr. Potato Head and parodies of other rivals. They have continued attacking each other, with The Game releasing two more mixtapes: Ghost Unit and a mixtape-DVD, Stop Snitchin, Stop Lyin. Jackson superimposed The Game's head on the body of a male stripper for the cover of the Hate It or Love It mixtape in response to The Game's pictures of G-Unit dressed as the Village People. The Game, under contract to Aftermath Entertainment, signed with Geffen Records to terminate his contractual obligations with G-Unit . G-Unit member Spider Loc has insulted The Game in songs, and the latter released "240 Bars " and "100 Bars " attacking G-Unit and Loc. Jackson's response was "Not Rich, Still Lyin'", mocking The Game. Lloyd Banks replied to the Game on a Rap City freestyle-booth segment, followed by a Game "diss" song ridiculing the 13-position drop of Banks' album Rotten Apple on the Billboard 200 chart and its disappointing second-week sales. Banks replied on his mixtape Mo' Money In The Bank Pt. 5: Gang Green Season Continues with "Showtime ", said that Jackson wrote half of The Documentary and ridiculed The Game's suicidal thoughts. In October 2006, The Game made a peace overture to Jackson, but two days later he said on Power 106 that the peace offer was valid for only one day. In several songs on Doctor's Advocate, he implied that the feud was over. He said in July 2009 that the feud had ended with help from Michael Jackson and Diddy, and apologized for his actions. According to Tony Yayo, neither Jackson nor G-Unit accepted his apology and The Game has resumed his calls for a "G-Unot" boycott at concerts. Jackson released "So Disrespectful" on Before I Self Destruct, targeting Jay-Z, The Game and Young Buck. The Game responded with "Shake", poking fun at the music video for Jackson's "Candy Shop". On January 2, 2015, The Game claimed that he and 50 were "sworn enemies", promising never to reconcile with him anymore, but on August 1, 2016, they ended their twelve-year feud when the two were in the Ace of Diamonds strip club and The Game said "I love 50, man. What happened, that shit was 12 years ago." In January 2022, the feud reiterated after 50 critiqued Game's Drink Champs interview with N.O.R.E., where he claimed that 50's former competitor Kanye West did "more for me in two weeks than [Dr.] Dre did for me throughout my entire career". The Game responded, commenting that he enclosed the entirety of G-Unit as a group and clothing brand "in a casket", also expressing his likeliness in the Power television trilogy, but warning 50 to "leave [the past] alone or else... I'm outside #Numinati". Then, two months later, in March, 50 Cent published a video via Instagram of Game being shunned by former Interscope Records CEO Jimmy Iovine at a basketball game, poking fun of it while also commenting "50 wrote ya hits". The Game once again flamed 50 after the claims were brought back up and also bragged to "get [50's] girlfriend out of my DM's". This was believed to have been a consequential result of Game claiming on Drink Champs to be "the best and a better rapper" than Eminem, with whom 50 still remains close friends. Additionally, Game's manager, Wack 100, has subliminally called out or questioned 50 Cent's credibility, over the rapper's surprise appearance at the Super Bowl LVI halftime show and ghostwriting allegations. Cam'ron Jackson's issues with former The Diplomats member Cam'ron began in 2007, when they had a live argument on The Angie Martinez Show on Hot 97 radio. Jackson commented that he felt that the music division of Koch Entertainment was a "graveyard", meaning major record labels would not work with their artists. Cam'ron then ridiculed the record sales of G-Unit members Lloyd Banks and Mobb Deep by pointing out that Dipset member Jim Jones outsold both of their albums despite not being signed to a major label, and also went on to clarify that his group, The Diplomats, had a distribution deal from several labels. Both rappers released diss songs with videos on YouTube. Jackson released "Funeral Music", and suggested in the song that Cam'ron is no longer able to lead The Diplomats and that Jim Jones should take his place. Cam'ron responded with "Curtis" and "Curtis Pt. II", in which he makes fun of not only Jackson's first name, but also his appearance, calling him "a gorilla, with rabbit teeth". Jackson responded by releasing "Hold On" with Young Buck. Since 2009, the feud slowly died down, and they eventually reconciled in 2016. Rick Ross Although Rick Ross began a feud with Jackson over an alleged incident at the 2008 BET Hip Hop Awards, Jackson told news sources he did not remember seeing Ross there. Later that month Ross' "Mafia Music" was leaked on the Internet, with lyrics apparently disparaging Jackson. Several days later, Jackson released "Officer Ricky " in response to "Mafia Music". The following day, Ross appeared on Shade 45 and told Jackson to come up with something better in 24 hours. Before leaving for Venezuela, Jackson uploaded a video and the first of a series of "Officer Ricky" cartoons. In early February he uploaded a YouTube video in which he interviewed "Tia", the mother of one of Ross' children; according to her, Ross is in reality a correctional officer. On February 5, 2009, The Game phoned Seattle radio station KUBE. Asked about the dispute between Jackson and Ross, he sided with Jackson and offered to mediate: "Rick Ross, holla at your boy, man" and "50 eating you, boy." On his album Deeper Than Rap, Ross refers to Jackson in "In Cold Blood" and Jackson's mock funeral is part of the song's video. When the song was released, Ross said that he ended Jackson's career. "Rick Ross is Albert From CB4. You ever seen the movie? He's Albert," Jackson replied in an interview. "It never gets worse than this. You get a guy that was a correctional officer come out and base his entire career on writing material from a drug dealer's perspective such as "Freeway" Ricky Ross." Their feud rekindled at the 2012 BET Hip Hop Awards, where Jackson and G-Unit members Kidd Kidd, Mike Knox, Tony Yayo were seen on video attacking Gunplay . Gunplay's Maybach Music diamond necklace was stolen during the brawl, and several days later Jackson appeared at a Washington, D.C. bowling alley wearing Gunplay's chain. On January 30, 2013, Jackson tweeted that Ross' attempted drive-by shooting on his birthday three days earlier was "staged". Awards and nominations Discography Studio albums Get Rich or Die Tryin' The Massacre Curtis Before I Self Destruct Animal Ambition Collaborative albums Beg for Mercy T·O·S Filmography Film Television Video games In popular culture Jackson's stage name is lent to the female character, Isuzu Sento, in the Japanese light novel/manga/anime series, Amagi Brilliant Park. Footnote

=== Doja Cat ===
Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini , known professionally as Doja Cat , is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, she began making and releasing music on SoundCloud as a teenager. Her song "So High" caught the attention of Kemosabe and RCA Records, with whom she signed a recording contract prior to the release of her debut extended play, Purrr! in 2014. After a hiatus from releasing music and the uneventful rollout of her debut studio album, Amala , Doja Cat earned viral success as an internet meme with her 2018 single "Mooo!", a novelty song in which she makes humorous claims about being a cow. Capitalizing on her growing popularity, she released her second studio album, Hot Pink, in the following year. The album later reached the top ten of the US Billboard 200 and spawned the single "Say So"; its remix featuring Nicki Minaj topped the Billboard Hot 100. Her third studio album, Planet Her , spent four weeks at number two on the Billboard 200 and spawned the top ten singles "Kiss Me More" , "Need to Know", and "Woman". Her fourth studio album, Scarlet , adopted a hip-hop-oriented sound and peaked within the top five of the Billboard 200, while its lead single "Paint the Town Red" became her most successful song to date, as it marked her first solo number-one on the Hot 100 among eight other countries. Described by The Wall Street Journal as "a skilled technical rapper with a strong melodic sense and a bold visual presence", Doja Cat is known for creating videos and performances which achieve virality on social media platforms such as TikTok. Well-versed in Internet culture, she is also famed for her absurdist online personality and stage presence. She has received numerous accolades throughout her career, including one Grammy Award from sixteen nominations, five Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards, and five MTV Video Music Awards. She is one of the biggest commercial artists of the 2020s according to Billboard, and was included on the 100 most influential people in the world by Time in 2023. Early life and education Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini was born on October 21, 1995, in the Tarzana neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Her mother, Deborah Sawyer, is an American graphic designer of Jewish heritage, and her father, Dumisani Dlamini, is a South African performer of Zulu descent, best known for starring as Crocodile in the original Broadway cast of the musical Sarafina! and the 1992 film adaptation. The two had a brief relationship after meeting in New York City where Dumisani performed on Broadway, but he was too busy on tour to spend time with Amala and her brother. He said that he left his family in the US for South Africa out of homesickness, in the hopes that they would join him there, yet Dlamini has suggested on multiple occasions that she is estranged from her father, stating that she "never met him." Her father has denied these claims, claiming that he has a "healthy" relationship with his daughter and that her management team had tried to block all his attempts to contact her out of the fear that they "might lose her." Soon after her birth, Dlamini moved from Tarzana to Rye, New York, where she lived for five years with her maternal grandmother, an architect and painter. At the age of eight, Dlamini returned to California with her mother and brother to live at the Sai Anantam Ashram, a commune in Agoura Hills, and practiced Hinduism for four years. While living at the commune, Dlamini started wearing head-covering scarves and singing bhajans at temple, yet disclosed how she felt like she could not "be a kid" during her time there. Her family then moved to Oak Park, where she started attending dance lessons and experienced a "sporty childhood", often skateboarding and visiting Malibu for surf camps. Dlamini and her brother were also subjected to racial prejudice as some of the only mixed-race children in the area. As she grew older and moved away from the ashram, she attended breakdancing classes and joined a professional poplocking troupe, with whom she competed in dance battles throughout Los Angeles while still attending high school. Her aunt, a vocal coach, had given Dlamini singing lessons to help her audition for Central Los Angeles Area New High School #9, a performing arts high school in Los Angeles. She frequently skipped school to participate in online chatrooms. After becoming discouraged about her education and career path, Dlamini claims that she realized in eleventh grade that "performing and music was all [she] ever cared about." She eventually dropped out at age 16 while in her junior year, attributing this decision to her struggles with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , saying that "it felt like I was stuck in one spot and everybody else was progressing constantly." Career 2012–2017: Career beginnings and record deal Doja Cat has described life after dropping out of school as "messy", claiming that she slept on the floor and spent "all night and day" browsing the internet, looking for beats and instrumentals from YouTube which she downloaded and used to create her own music. After becoming fascinated with internet culture and websites like eBaum's World and Myspace, she taught herself to sing, rap and use GarageBand while at home without a job, frequently making music and uploading it to SoundCloud. In late 2012, "So High" became the first permanent upload on her SoundCloud account. Doja Cat began her career in the Los Angeles underground hip-hop scene, performing at parties and cyphers, and connecting with rappers such as Busdriver, Ill Camille and VerBS, the latter of whom claims to have helped hone her craft and find her first gig. It was during this time that she met producer Jerry "Tizhimself" Powell, who had stumbled upon her SoundCloud account. He introduced her to record producer Yeti Beats, who invited her to record at his studio in the neighbourhood of Echo Park, which also served as "an oasis of sorts for Doja to escape from the turmoil at home". Yeti Beats then connected her with Kemosabe Records, an imprint of RCA Records, where she signed under label executive Dr. Luke and his publishing company Prescription Songs at the age of 17. This deal also came with a temporary artist management partnership with Roc Nation. In August 2014, Doja Cat released her debut EP, Purrr!, described as "spacey, eastern-influenced R&B" by The Fader. "So High" was repackaged and released as her solo commercial debut single prior to the EP's release, and was later featured on the Fox series Empire in the third episode of the show's first season. In mid-2015, Doja Cat temporarily signed to OG Maco's label, OGG. Following the signing, in late 2016, Maco and Doja Cat collaborated on the song "Monster", from Maco's 2017 mixtape, Children of The Rage. She had started experiencing writer's block, which led her to decline American singer Billie Eilish's offer to feature on what would later become her popular 2017 single "Bellyache". Doja Cat would stop releasing music for a while amid what she describes as a "creative limbo", which was influenced by her record labels not paying her much attention, as well as the effects of "finding herself" and smoking too much marijuana. 2018–2019: Amala and "Mooo!" Her first major commercial release in four years, Doja Cat released the song "Roll with Us" in February 2018 following a brief hiatus. The following month, she released "Go to Town" as the lead single from her debut album, with an accompanying music video. "Candy" was released as the album's second single that same month. The track would later become a sleeper hit after a "dance challenge" on the video-sharing platform TikTok went viral in late 2019. The single consequently charted in countries such as Australia, Canada and the United States, with the latter having the song peak at 86 on the Billboard Hot 100, making this her first solo entry on the chart. On March 30, 2018, Doja Cat's debut studio album Amala was released through RCA and Kemosabe Records, and included the three singles. Its release was largely uneventful, as it was ignored by critics and failed to chart in any market. Doja Cat has since expressed strong disdain toward the record, claiming that it doesn't entirely represent her as an artist and that it isn't a "finished album" since she was constantly partying or high on marijuana during its recording. She claims it was also rushed in order to meet deadlines from the record labels who paid it "almost no support". In August 2018, Doja Cat self-published the homemade music video for "Mooo!", a novelty song with absurdist lyrics in which she fantasizes about being a cow. The video promptly garnered viral success as an internet meme, attaining over three million views in one week. Due to popular demand following this viral success, the single version of "Mooo!" was released onto digital platforms later that month as the lead single from the deluxe edition of Amala. This was followed by the release of the second single, "Tia Tamera" featuring Rico Nasty, and its accompanying music video in February 2019. The full deluxe edition of Amala was released on March 1, 2019, and featured the bonus tracks "Mooo!", "Tia Tamera" and "Juicy". The success of "Mooo!" is believed to have "irrefutably proved" to her record labels that Doja Cat was a marketable artist, which led them to start paying more attention to her. 2019–2020: Breakthrough with Hot Pink A remix version of Doja Cat's song "Juicy", from the deluxe version of Amala, added a verse from American rapper Tyga and was released alongside a music video in August 2019 as the lead single from her second studio album. Following the release of the remix, the song debuted at number 83 on the Billboard Hot 100, marking Doja Cat's first entry on the chart, and ultimately peaked at number 41. The Recording Industry Association of America would later award the song a platinum certification in the United States. The song's success led to Amala debuting for the first time on the Billboard 200 chart that same month. In October 2019, Doja Cat released "Bottom Bitch", the second single from her second album. This was followed by the release of the single "Rules" alongside the announcement of her second studio album Hot Pink. Hot Pink was released on November 7, 2019, to generally favorable reviews. The album would eventually peak at number 9 on the Billboard 200. Doja Cat was meant to feature on a track titled "Broward Coward" from an early version of the late XXXTentacion's fourth studio album, Bad Vibes Forever, however the song was ultimately scrapped when the album tracklist was completely revised for its posthumous release in December 2019. She later released the single "Boss Bitch" as part of the soundtrack for the 2020 film Birds of Prey. In January 2020, "Say So" was sent to radio to become the fourth single off of her album Hot Pink. The song was originally released alongside the album in November 2019, but gained wider popularity through the video-sharing platform TikTok. She performed the song on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in February 2020. The next day, she released the music video for the song, directed by Hannah Lux Davis. The solo version of "Say So" peaked at number five on the Hot 100, becoming her first top-ten single, and was the most streamed song of 2020 by a female artist in the United States. In May 2020, following the release of a remix of "Say So" featuring Nicki Minaj, the single topped the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the first number-one single for both artists and the first ever female rap collaboration to peak atop the chart. In March 2020, Doja Cat was set to embark on the Hot Pink Tour in support of the album, before it was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. She was featured on a remix of the Weeknd's single "In Your Eyes" in May 2020, as well as on the single "Shimmy" by rapper Lil Wayne from the deluxe version of his 2020 album Funeral. In June, she was featured on the single "Pussy Talk" by the rap duo City Girls. She released the music video for her single "Like That". She also uploaded the demo song "Unisex Freestyle" to SoundCloud in late June 2020. At the 20th BET Awards, Doja Cat was nominated for two awards, Best Female Hip Hop Artist and Video of the Year. In August 2020, her song "Freak", which had been on SoundCloud since 2018, was officially released on digital platforms. Doja Cat won the award for Push Best New Artist at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards, where she also performed a medley of the songs "Say So" and "Like That". She was credited as a lead artist on the remix for Chloe x Halle's song "Do It", which also featured City Girls and Mulatto, the following month. She was featured alongside Australian singer Sia on the track "Del Mar" from Puerto Rican singer Ozuna's 2020 album Enoc, also released in September. The "Juicy" remix featuring Tyga was nominated for Top R&B Song at the 2020 Billboard Music Awards. In October 2020, Doja Cat was featured on American singer Bebe Rexha's single "Baby, I'm Jealous", the lead single from Rexha's second studio album, Better Mistakes. She performed a burlesque-themed medley of "Juicy", "Say So" and "Like That" at the 2020 Billboard Music Awards, inspired by Chicago and Moulin Rouge. That same month, Doja Cat performed both "Baby, I'm Jealous" with Rexha and "Del Mar" with Ozuna on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel Live!, respectively. Doja Cat was featured on the album track "Motive" from Ariana Grande's 2020 album Positions, which peaked at number 32 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming both her highest debut and second-ever top 40 entry. Doja Cat performed a metal rendition of "Say So" at the 2020 MTV Europe Music Awards ceremony, where she also won the award for Best New Act. She won the award for The New Artist of 2020 at the 46th People's Choice Awards. She additionally won both New Artist of the Year and Favourite Soul/R&B Female Artist at the 2020 American Music Awards ceremony, where she performed "Baby, I'm Jealous" with Bebe Rexha. On December 24, 2020, Doja Cat released a series of videos on her YouTube channel named "Hot Pink Sessions" where she performed three songs twice with two different "looks". On December 31, 2020, Doja Cat performed "Say So", "Like That", and "Juicy" at the annual Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve show. According to sales in the United States, Billboard ranked Doja Cat at number five on both the Top New Artists of 2020 and Top Female Artists of 2020 charts. After her on-demand audio streams in the U.S. increased by 300% from 2019, Rolling Stone ranked her at number one on their list of the ten biggest breakthrough artists of 2020. Forbes named Doja Cat "one of the top breakout stars of 2020" while including her on their annual 30 Under 30 list. Doja Cat was the fourth most-Googled musician of 2020 in the United States. 2021–2022: Planet Her On January 7, 2021, Doja Cat was featured on the single "Best Friend" by rapper Saweetie, and appeared in the accompanying music video. The following week, Doja Cat appeared alongside Megan Thee Stallion on the remix of "34+35" by Ariana Grande. Following the release of the remix, the song reached a new peak of number two on the Billboard Hot 100. In early 2021, Doja's song "Streets" became a sleeper hit after live performances of the song went viral on TikTok. TikTok also spawned a viral challenge which uses a mashup of "Streets" and "Put Your Head on My Shoulder" by Paul Anka. This caused the song to enter the Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at number 16. Doja Cat was nominated for three awards at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards: herself for Best New Artist and "Say So" being nominated for Record of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. In 2021, she was placed on "Time's 100 Next" list, which highlights 100 emerging figures, with her write-up being penned by American rapper Lil Nas X. Doja Cat revealed the title of her third studio album, Planet Her, in a March 2021 interview with V. On April 10, the song "Kiss Me More" featuring SZA was released alongside a music video as the lead single for the album. It received critical acclaim, and commercial success, spending nineteen consecutive weeks within the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100, breaking the record for the most weeks in the top 10 by a female collaboration. The song peaked at number three and became Doja Cat's third top 10 hit. Later that month, Doja Cat performed the songs "Best Friend" with Saweetie, "Rules", "Streets" and a solo version of "Kiss Me More" at Triller's inaugural Fight Club event. On April 23, 2021, Doja Cat launched an NFT marketplace titled "Juicy Drops". In May 2021, Doja Cat won the award for Top Female R&B Artist at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards, where she performed "Kiss Me More" with SZA. Later that month, she performed a solo version of the same song in a medley with "Streets" and "Say So" at the 2021 iHeartRadio Music Awards, where she won the award for Best New Pop Artist. The song "Need to Know" was released alongside a music video as the first promotional single from Planet Her on June 11, 2021. Doja Cat wrote that it was released in anticipation of the "more important" second single, which was confirmed to be "You Right" with the Weeknd. Doja Cat officially announced the release of Planet Her and revealed its tracklist and album art via social media a few hours before the release of "Need to Know". The album was released to generally positive reviews, and opened at number two on the Billboard 200 where it remained for another two weeks, becoming the first album to spend its first three weeks at number two on the chart since The Pinkprint by Nicki Minaj in January 2015. Elsewhere, it topped the charts in New Zealand, and landed in the top 5 in countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, Norway and Ireland. Doja Cat guest starred as the temporary romantic interest of American rapper and comedian Lil Dicky in the second season of the TV series Dave, which premiered on June 16, 2021. On September 10, she was announced as a Pepsi ambassador and starred in an advertisement in which she performs a modern reenactment of the song "You're the One That I Want" from the musical film Grease, as part of a campaign celebrating the launch of the Pepsi-Cola Soda Shop. Her first-ever gig as a television presenter, Doja Cat hosted the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards ceremony, where she also performed the songs "Been Like This" and "You Right". She won the awards for Best Collaboration and Best Art Direction , among nominations for Artist of the Year, Video of the Year and Best Visual Effects. It is the first time in history where a nominee in the Video of the Year category hosted the ceremony in that same year. Doja Cat was praised for her presenting abilities, with Pitchfork noting that she "reinvent[ed] award-show hosting". Doja Cat was featured on the song "Scoop" from Lil Nas X's debut studio album Montero , which was released on September 17, and then on the song "Icy Hot" from American rapper Young Thug's second studio album Punk , which was released on October 15. That same month, she reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 Songwriters chart for the first time in her career, and also became the first rapper to place three top 10 songs on the US Mainstream Top 40, with "You Right", "Need to Know" and "Kiss Me More". She featured alongside Saweetie on French Montana's song "Handstand" from his fourth studio album They Got Amnesia . The music video for Planet Her's fourth single, "Woman", was released on December 3. According to Billboard, Doja Cat closed 2021 as the bestselling female R&B and hip-hop artist in the US, and the fourth bestselling female artist overall, additionally placing six songs on the year-end Hot 100. Planet Her was also the sixth best-selling album in the US, and the fifth most streamed album globally on Spotify in 2021. In 2022, Doja Cat won the awards for Female Rapper of the Year and Performer of the Year at the 2022 XXL Awards. She received nominations for eight awards at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards, the most for any female artist. "Kiss Me More" won the award for Best Pop Duo Performance, while her other nominations included Album of the Year , Record of the Year , Song of the Year , Best Pop Vocal Album , Best Rap Song and Best Melodic Rap Performance . In February 2022, Doja Cat released a cover of the song "Celebrity Skin" by American rock band Hole, as part of a Taco Bell commercial in which she starred, and premiered it at the Super Bowl LVI. The cover contains reworked lyrics written by Doja Cat and Hole frontwoman Courtney Love. Later that month, her second collaboration with Tyga, entitled "Freaky Deaky", was released as a single alongside a music video directed by Christian Breslauer. She contributed to the soundtrack for Baz Luhrmann's biographical film Elvis with the song "Vegas", released on May 6, 2022, as its lead single. In June 2022, the track "I Like You " by Post Malone featuring Doja Cat was released as the third single from the former's fourth studio album, Twelve Carat Toothache . The track would later earn Doja Cat a nomination for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 65th Annual Grammy Awards, where she also earned nominations for Record of the Year , Best Pop Solo Performance , Best Music Video , and Best Rap Performance . Doja Cat was made the subject and namesake of the song "Doja" by British rapper Central Cee, which was released in July 2022 and achieved global success, becoming the most streamed UK rap song on Spotify. Doja Cat later began sharing her experiences of career burnout, expressing her disdain for "unnecessary" obligations, while admitting that she was no longer enjoying her career. Doja Cat continued to publicise her frustrations during a South American festival tour in March 2022. After an incident involving Paraguayan fans, which followed a storm that prompted the cancellation of her scheduled show, she posted to Twitter: "Everything is dead to me, music is dead, and I'm a fucking fool for ever thinking I was made for this... This shit ain't for me so I'm out. Y'all take care." 2023–present: Scarlet In early 2023, Doja Cat began teasing her fourth studio album with the working title of Hellmouth. Prior to this, she had asserted that the album would be "predominantly rap", a callback to the musical style of her earliest works, and an effort to diverge from the "pink and soft things" and "pop and glittery sounds" that she has become noted for, notably denouncing her previous two albums as "cash grabs" and "digestible pop hits". She also adopted a darker aesthetic and appearance, which she described as "punk", "experimental" and "manic", while some fans deemed these changes "demonic", and accused her of being a Satanist, and a member of the Illuminati. In mid-June 2023, she released the album's first promotional single, titled "Attention", alongside an accompanying music video directed by Tanu Muino. The album's lead single, "Paint the Town Red", was released in early August 2023 to commercial success, breaking a number of streaming records, and becoming her first solo song to top the charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom, among several other countries and the Billboard Global 200 chart. The album's title was later revealed to be Scarlet in mid-August 2023. The second promotional single, "Demons", was released in early September 2023, alongside a music video directed by Christian Breslauer and co-starring American actress Christina Ricci. Scarlet was released to mostly positive reviews on September 22, 2023, and debuted within the top 5 in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada. Doja Cat then embarked the opening North American leg of the Scarlet Tour, her first arena tour featuring rappers Doechii and Ice Spice as supporting acts. A deluxe edition of the album, Scarlet 2 Claude, was released on April 5, 2024 and was named after the Claude Frollo character from The Hunchback of Notre Dame. The deluxe edition features collaborations from American rappers ASAP Rocky and Teezo Touchdown. In early 2025, Doja Cat with Raye featured in "Born Again" from Alter Ego, the first studio album of the Thai singer Lisa. On March 21, 2025, she will be featured on the song "Just Us" with American rapper Jack Harlow. Artistry Influences Doja Cat has cited Nicki Minaj as her biggest influence. In a Billboard interview, Doja Cat stated that she is "in love with everything Nicki Minaj has put out into the world." On the song "Get Into It " from her third studio album, Planet Her , she pays tribute to Minaj and borrows lyrics and rap delivery from her debut 2010 single "Massive Attack". Critics noted that the album as a whole was largely influenced by Minaj, with The New Yorker noting that she "build[s] upon the pop-rap legacy established by her predecessor". She has also named Lauryn Hill and Busta Rhymes as some of her biggest influences. While speaking about Busta Rhymes, she stated: "if I hear a beat Busta Rhymes would absolutely kill, I'll use my voice to do a flow similar to his." Additionally, Doja Cat has cited Rihanna, Beyoncé, D'Angelo, Missy Elliott, Christina Aguilera, Pharrell Williams, and Lil' Kim as major influences. She draws inspiration from her background engaging in online activities and delving into subcultures as a suburban teenager, as well as the artists her mother exposed to her as a child, such as Fugees, Erykah Badu, Jamiroquai, Earth, Wind & Fire, Black Eyed Peas, Seal, Tupac, Aaliyah, DMX, India Arie, and TLC. The Hindu culture of her childhood as well as Japanese culture have also been noted as sources of inspiration for Purrr! and other aspects of her early career. In an interview with Big Boy, she stated her admiration for Janet Jackson and Prince. Stage name and persona As a teenager in 2012, Doja Cat gained her stage name from one of her cats as well as her favorite strain of marijuana, stating, "I was heavily addicted to weed and weed culture, so when I began rapping I thought of the word 'doja' and how it sounds like a girl's name." She has since expressed slight disdain towards the name and the persona that it carries, stating in November 2021 that "my image was the pothead hippie girl, and I'm not that." Musical style and themes Doja Cat's music has been described as hip-hop, pop, R&B, and pop rap. When asked about her legacy, Doja Cat revealed that in future she would like to be remembered for her versatility in not only music but also visual art and dance. Her second full-length studio album, Hot Pink, is built with her own beats as well as a series of videos written and conceived by her. She claimed the era was a firm restart for her career, and the most "refined, chiseled" representation of herself. Her escapist fantasy worldview is reflected in the music by its upbeat production style. The record was inspired by drastic lifestyle changes including an "illuminating" acid trip which made her quit smoking cigarettes and marijuana. Her 2021 song "Naked" contains a tongue-in-cheek sexual reference that refers to bisexuality in that she "like[s] bananas and peaches", while her 2019 single "Bottom Bitch" can also be interpreted as a metaphor for lesbian sex. Personal life Doja Cat is reported to be "eager to deflect interest in her personal life." She lived in a home in Beverly Hills, California, which she bought in 2021 for $2.2 million and sold in September 2022 for $2.5 million. She was in a brief open relationship with American musician Jawny from August 2019 until separating in February 2020. Despite not having formally come out or openly stated her sexual orientation, Doja Cat has hinted at queer themes, stating that she likes "people [she] can have sex with. And you can kinda have sex with anybody." In June 2020, Doja Cat donated $100,000 to the Justice for Breonna Taylor Fund, in support of Taylor's family. In January 2024, Doja Cat's mother Deborah Sawyer filed for a temporary restraining order against her older brother, Raman Dalithando Dlamini; who has allegedly been physically and verbally abusing both Doja Cat and their mother. Sawyer was previously granted a restraining order against her son back in 2017. She is dating actor Joseph Quinn as of August 2024. Health During an interview with Billboard, Doja Cat revealed that she was heavily addicted to alcohol as well as chain smoking when growing up and considers quitting cigarettes to be "one of the biggest challenges of [her] life." She has amblyopia. In May 2022, Doja Cat opened up about her nicotine addiction on Twitter, and revealed that she required lancing of an infected tonsil caused by vaping and intended to pursue a tonsillectomy, consequently canceling her summer festival run and her opening act slot for the Weeknd's After Hours til Dawn Tour. Controversies In 2018, Doja Cat sparked controversy on social media when her Twitter history revealed a continuous usage of the word "faggot". In a tweet from 2015, she used the word to describe hip-hop artists Tyler, the Creator and Earl Sweatshirt. Doja Cat initially defended her past remarks but later issued a series of apologies for her words and has since deleted her tweets. As a result of the controversy, Doja Cat was declared the Milkshake Duck of 2018 by NME. In March 2020, she received backlash after saying on Instagram Live that COVID-19 was "only a flu" and that she was not scared of it. Later that October, Doja Cat was criticized for participating in Kendall Jenner's Halloween and birthday celebrations during the COVID-19 pandemic. In May 2020, a 2015 song by Doja Cat titled "Dindu Nuffin" resurfaced. "Dindu Nuffin" is an alt-right term used to ridicule African-American detainees protesting their innocence. After apologizing, Doja Cat said that although the song was intended to flip the term's meaning, it was a "bad decision". Doja Cat denied that the song was a response to the death of Sandra Bland, calling the allegation "one of the most awful rumors that I've ever encountered." She took to Instagram to address accusations after footage began circulating of her on Tinychat in a chat room saying "nigger". She apologized to those offended and said she should not have been on certain chat room sites, although she maintained that she had never been involved in any racist conversations. Frequent users of the chat room later came forth and revealed that the nature of the chatroom was not specifically racist, and claimed that Doja Cat never said anything discriminatory in their conversations. Doja Cat's 2020 performance of "Say So" at the MTV Europe Music Awards ceremony was criticized when some viewers noted that the guitar solo in the performance was identical to the one in Plini's 2016 song "Handmade Cities". The following month, Plini reported that he received an apologetic message from Doja Cat through social media. In March 2022, Doja Cat threatened to quit music due to the backlash from an incident that occurred during her time in Paraguay. The artist was in Paraguay for the 2022 Asunciónico festival which was eventually canceled due to severe weather conditions. After the cancellation, fans reportedly gathered outside the hotel she was residing at in order to get a glimpse of Doja Cat. She did not come outside to meet with her fans and was consequently accused of being rude and apathetic. She did not post anything involving Paraguay on social media, leading fans to express frustration about her lack of acknowledgement. She was also accused of being more enthusiastic with fans from other countries such as Brazil compared to her behavior with Paraguayan fans. Because of the backlash the artist released a series of tweets where she claimed she was not sorry and she would quit the music industry, she then changed her Twitter username to "I Quit." The artist did not quit music or Twitter and returned two days later with tweets expressing appreciation towards her fans. In July 2023, Doja Cat faced backlash for Threads comments suggesting that she does not appreciate her fans, for which she lost over 250,000 followers on Instagram. On October 6, 2023, Doja Cat posted a selfie of her wearing a t-shirt that features alt-right comedian Sam Hyde on Instagram. The picture garnered widespread online backlash and she later deleted the photo, reposting a different selfie with Hyde's image edited out of the frame. Public image Doja Cat has been noted for being versatile in her music. This includes her ability to sing, rap, and produce, as well as perform and dance. Often described as eccentric, she is known for her absurdly humorous personality and posts on social media platforms. Bryan Rolli of Forbes wrote that "Doja Cat's aloof, irreverent, chronically online persona masks a tireless work ethic; she sings better, raps faster and dances harder than many of her peers, all at once." In an article for Okayplayer, Robyn Mowatt noted that "as a singer, rapper, songwriter, and entertainer Doja has led her fans on a rambunctious journey equipped with snappy lyrics, live video streams, outlandish outfits, and memorable viral moments. It's not just the music that gets her fans riled up, it's also her live performances which typically are infused with a touch of eccentricity." As one of the biggest and best-performing commercial artists of the 2020s decade, writers at Billboard expressed that "it'd be tough to name three artists of any kind who feel more like the 2020s so far than Doja Cat." Discography Amala Hot Pink Planet Her Scarlet Filmography Television Video games Awards and nominations Doja Cat has received many accolades throughout her career, including one Grammy Award, five Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards , five MTV Video Music Awards , and six iHeartRadio Music Awards . On January 27, 2024, Doja Cat's single "Paint the Town Red" was listed #1 in Australian radio station Triple J's listener poll for the annual Hottest 100 competition . Tours Headlining Amala Tour The Scarlet Tour Supporting Theophilus London – Vibes Tour Lizzo – Good as Hell Tour

=== Dua Lipa ===
Dua Lipa is an English and Albanian singer, songwriter and actress. Her accolades include seven Brit Awards and three Grammy Awards. Lipa worked as a model before venturing into music and signing with Warner Bros. in 2014. She released her eponymous debut album in 2017, which peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and spawned the singles "Be the One", "IDGAF", and the UK number-one single "New Rules". She was honoured with the Brit Awards for British Female Solo Artist and British Breakthrough Act in 2018. Her second UK number-one single, "One Kiss" with Calvin Harris, was the best-selling song of 2018 in the UK and won the Brit Award for Song of the Year. She later won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist and for Best Dance Recording for "Electricity" featuring Silk City in 2019. Lipa's second album, Future Nostalgia , became her first UK number-one album and peaked in the top-three in the US. Its lead single, "Don't Start Now", scored the longest top-ten stay for a British female artist on the UK Singles Chart and ranked in the top five on the US Billboard Hot 100 year-end chart of 2020. The album's success continued with the follow-up singles "Physical", "Break My Heart", and "Levitating", with the latter topping the Billboard year-end Hot 100 chart of 2021 and receiving a Recording Industry Association of America Diamond certification in the US. Future Nostalgia won the Brit Award for British Album of the Year and the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. Lipa subsequently scored her third and fourth UK number-one singles with the 2021 Elton John duet "Cold Heart " and "Dance the Night" from the soundtrack of the film Barbie , wherein she also made her acting debut. Lipa released her third studio album, Radical Optimism , which debuted atop the UK Albums Chart and was preceded by the UK top-ten singles "Houdini", "Training Season", and "Illusion". She also had a supporting role in the 2024 spy film Argylle. Early life Dua Lipa was born on 22 August 1995, in London, the eldest child of Kosovo Albanian parents Anesa and Dukagjin Lipa from Pristina, FR Yugoslavia . Her maternal grandmother is of Bosniak descent. Lipa's ancestry can be traced back to the city of Peja, Kosovo. Both of her grandfathers were historians. She has a sister, Rina, and a brother, Gjin. Lipa was musically influenced by her father, who was the lead singer and guitarist of the Kosovan rock band Oda. Her father continued to play music at home, including his own compositions and songs of artists such as David Bowie, Bob Dylan, Radiohead, Sting, the Police, and Stereophonics. Dua Lipa began singing at the age of five. Lipa grew up in West Hampstead, London. She attended Fitzjohn's Primary School and her music lessons there included the cello. When she auditioned to enter the school choir, the teacher told her that "she could not sing". At the age of nine, she began weekend singing lessons at the Sylvia Young Theatre School. Lipa moved with her family to Pristina after Kosovo declared independence in 2008. There she attended Mileniumi i Tretë School, learned more about the Albanian language, and considered a music career. At age 15, Lipa moved back alone to London and shared a flat with a family friend. At Parliament Hill School she passed her A-Levels, then re-entered Sylvia Young Theatre School part-time. She uploaded her own songs to SoundCloud and YouTube. She began posting videos of herself covering songs such as "If I Ain't Got You" by Alicia Keys and "Beautiful" by Christina Aguilera on YouTube. Lipa modelled with Topshop and signed with a modelling agency, helping her land a role as a singer in an ITV advertisement for The X Factor in 2013, covering Sister Sledge's 1979 song "Lost in Music". She acquired a producer and a manager. Career 2013–2018: Career beginnings and Dua Lipa In 2013, Lipa signed a contract with Tap Management, directed by Ben Mawson and Ed Millett, while working as a waitress in a cocktail bar. Lipa was introduced to Mawson by her lawyer, who discouraged her from signing another publishing deal that was offered to her. They then offered her a monthly salary to leave her job and focus on recording music. During one of the sessions Lipa co-wrote the song "Hotter than Hell", which led to her signing a record deal with Warner Bros. Records in 2014. Millett retrospectively elaborated: "Dua was really smart–she signed to Warner Bros. partly because they didn't have a big female pop artist and they needed one. They really wanted her, so she had the focus of the team from day one." In August 2015, Lipa released her first single, "New Love", produced by Emile Haynie and Andrew Wyatt. Her second single, "Be the One", was issued to European success in October 2015, reaching number one in Belgium, Poland and Slovakia, as well as charting in the top ten in over eleven European territories. In Australia and New Zealand, the song became an airplay success, reaching numbers 6 and 20 respectively. In November 2015, she was revealed as one of the acts to appear on the BBC Sound of... 2016 long list. Her first tour in the UK and Europe began in January 2016, and concluded in early December 2016. On 18 February 2016, Lipa released her third single, "Last Dance", followed by "Hotter than Hell" on 6 May. The latter was successful particularly in the UK, where it peaked at number 15. On 26 August, her fifth overall single, "Blow Your Mind ", was released, peaking at number 30 in the UK. It became the singer's first entry on the US Billboard Hot 100, debuting at number 72. The song also topped the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart and reached number 23 on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart. Lipa was featured on Sean Paul's single "No Lie", released in November 2016, which reached number ten in the UK. The song became a top-ten hit in ten countries six years after its release, and it became Sean Paul's most-streamed song as of December 2022. The music video surpassed 1 billion views on YouTube in April 2022. The following month, a documentary about Lipa named See in Blue was commissioned by The Fader. In January 2017, Lipa won the EBBA Public Choice Award, and released the single "Scared to Be Lonely", a collaboration with Martin Garrix, reaching number 14 in the UK. In May 2017, she performed at the anniversary of Indonesian television channel SCTV and won the award for Young and Promising International Artist at the SCTV Music Awards. Lipa's first album Dua Lipa was released on 2 June 2017. Its sixth single, "New Rules", released in the following month, became Lipa's first number one in the UK, and the first by a female solo artist to reach the top in the UK since Adele's "Hello" in 2015. Her best-selling single to date, the song also charted in the top ten of other countries, including number two in Australia, number six in the US, and number seven in Canada. As of 2024, the music video has streamed over three billion views on YouTube. Lipa performed at the Glastonbury Festival in June. In July, Lipa performed at the We The Fest, an Indonesian music festival in Jakarta. She performed on the BBC's Later... with Jools Holland in October. In December, Lipa was named the most streamed woman of 2017 in the UK by Spotify. She had four singles reach the UK top 10 in 2017, with "Be the One", "New Rules", "No Lie", and "Bridge over Troubled Water", a charity single for the families of the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in London. In January 2018, Lipa received nominations in five categories at the Brit Awards, more nominations than any other artist that year. She was nominated for MasterCard British Album of the Year for Dua Lipa, British Single of the Year and British Video of the Year for "New Rules", British Female Solo Artist, and British Breakthrough Act winning the latter two. This was the first time that a female artist had received five nominations. Lipa performed at the awards ceremony held on 21 February at the O2 Arena in London. The singer collaborated with American DJ Whethan on the song "High" for the Fifty Shades Freed soundtrack, released in February 2018. She started working on new material for her second album in January 2018. On 6 April, Lipa and Calvin Harris released the single "One Kiss", which topped the UK Singles Chart on 20 April, making it Lipa's second number one in the chart; Lipa provided the vocals and is also credited as a writer. The single went on to become the biggest selling song in the UK of 2018 and topped the chart for eight consecutive weeks. She performed in the opening ceremony of the 2018 UEFA Champions League Final in Kyiv on 26 May. It was reported that Lipa would be releasing collaborations with other artists coming out later in 2018, such as one with Mark Ronson and Diplo's newly formed superduo Silk City. Ronson later confirmed the song's title would be "Electricity". The song was released on 9 September. Lipa was also featured in "If Only", a song from Italian singer Andrea Bocelli's sixteenth studio album Sì. Lipa performed at the F1 Singapore Grand Prix in September. In the same month, Lipa endorsed British car brand Jaguar's new electric car, I-PACE. The brand created a remix of Lipa's song "Want To" and launched a service where fans could create their own version of Dua Lipa x Jaguar's song on the Join the Pace website, based on their own driving behaviour or the music they listen to, and share it on social media. According to Lipa's team, Jaguar and Lipa set the world record for the "most remixed song ever". In October, the singer released Dua Lipa: The Complete Edition, an expanded version of her debut album that includes three new songs, including the aforementioned "Want To", and her previous collaborations with other artists. This included a collaboration with South Korean girl group Blackpink called "Kiss and Make Up". 2019–2022: Future Nostalgia In January 2019, Lipa released the single "Swan Song" as part of the soundtrack to the 2019 film Alita: Battle Angel. That same month, Lipa stated that she spent the preceding year in the writing process for her second studio album. Lipa commented that the album's sound would be a "nostalgic" pop record that "feels like a dancercise class". In August 2019, Lipa partnered with brand Yves Saint Laurent to endorse their fragrance Libre. Following the release of its lead single "Don't Start Now", Lipa's second album, Future Nostalgia, and its accompanying tour were announced in December 2019. "Don't Start Now" peaked at number two on both the UK Singles Chart and the US Billboard Hot 100. On the former, it earned the longest top 10 stay for a British female artist and the longest top 10 stay without reaching the summit in that chart's history. The song also peaked at number one on the UK Big Top 40 and the US Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart. Lipa's second single leading up to the release of the album was "Physical". It was released on 30 January 2020 and the song's music video was released a day later. "Physical" debuted at number 60 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Future Nostalgia was released on 27 March to widespread critical acclaim, following the release of the record's third single "Break My Heart" on 25 March. The album debuted at number two on the Official UK Albums Chart, 5550 copies behind 5 Seconds of Summer's Calm. Future Nostalgia peaked at number one on the Official UK Albums Chart the following week in April 2020, while four of the album's singles entered the top ten of the Official Singles Chart. The album holds the record for having the lowest one-week sales while at the top of the chart in the 21st century; when it was number one—the week beginning 15 May 2020—the album had only 7,317 sales. At the time of the album's release, Lipa became the first British female artist since Vera Lynn to have three top-ten singles in a single calendar year, with Lynn having three in 1952. Lipa eventually overrode this record with the single "Levitating", which also peaked within the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming her third top-ten in the US overall. Lipa's music video for "Physical" was nominated for Best Art Director at the Berlin Music Video Awards in 2020. The art director of the music video is Anna Colomer Nogué. On 27 April 2020, DJ Ben Howell released a remix of her song "Hallucinate" with the BBC news theme. Created during the height of the coronavirus lockdown in his flat in Glasgow, Scotland, the remix has garnered more than a million views on YouTube as of July 2023. It was pleasantly received by both Lipa and BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James, the latter quipping on Twitter "Ben's made you [the BBC] a new theme tune and it's a certified banger. Please change with immediate effect". On 11 August 2020, she was named global ambassador of the French mineral water brand Évian. Lipa made the announcement on social media, where she stated that "it had been an honor" working with the brand. On 13 August, Lipa released a remix of "Levitating" featuring American artists Madonna and Missy Elliott. It served as the lead single from Club Future Nostalgia, a remix collection of Future Nostalgia tracks by the Blessed Madonna and Mark Ronson, which was released on 28 August. On 2 October 2020, Lipa released the second remix of "Levitating" featuring American rapper DaBaby; on the same day, Lipa released the music video for the second remix. On 14 October 2020, Lipa and Belgian singer Angèle were photographed on the set of a music video. Later in the month, the singers announced the release of their collaboration, "Fever"; it was released on 30 October 2020. It is included on the French re-release of Future Nostalgia. Lipa was featured on "Prisoner", a song from Miley Cyrus' seventh studio album Plastic Hearts. The single was released on 19 November 2020 alongside the music video. In November it was announced that Lipa would be the musical guest on 19 December episode of Saturday Night Live. On 27 November, Lipa performed in a livestream concert titled Studio 2054, where she sang various songs from Future Nostalgia, a new unreleased track with FKA Twigs, as well as some previous singles such as "New Rules", "One Kiss" and "Electricity". The event featured many special guests like the Blessed Madonna, Angèle, Kylie Minogue and Elton John, among others. Future Nostalgia was the most streamed album by a woman on Spotify in 2020. On 11 February 2021, Lipa released a single titled "We're Good", along with Future Nostalgia: The Moonlight Edition. On 26 February 2021, Aleyna Tilki released her debut English-language single "Retrograde", co-written by Lipa. Lipa released the song "Can They Hear Us" from the soundtrack of the film Gully on 4 June 2021. On 13 August 2021, Lipa worked again with Elton John on the song "Cold Heart ", released as the lead single from John's studio album The Lockdown Sessions. On 15 October, the single reached the number-one spot on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Lipa's third song to achieve this feat. In February 2022, Lipa launched a weekly lifestyle newsletter entitled Service95 as well as its accompanying podcast Dua Lipa: At Your Service. On 18 February 2022, a source close to the issue confirmed to Variety that Dua Lipa had parted ways with her longtime management business, Ben Mawson and Ed Millet's TaP Management. Contrary to other reports, the insider claims that the singer is not currently meeting with other management firms, but she will do so in the future. On 1 March 2022, reggae band Artikal Sound System filed a suit against Lipa and her label Warner Records alleging copyright infringement, asserting similarities between "Levitating" and their 2017 song "Live Your Life". In June 2023, the suit was dropped with prejudice. A second suit by songwriters L. Russell Brown and Sandy Linzer claimed that "Levitating" infringed on their 1979 disco song "Wiggle and Giggle All Night". On 11 March 2022, Lipa and Megan Thee Stallion released "Sweetest Pie" accompanied by its music video. The song marks their first collaboration and serves as the lead single from Megan's second studio album Traumazine. On 27 May, Lipa collaborated with Calvin Harris and Young Thug to release "Potion", serving as the lead single from Harris's sixth studio album Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2. It marked the second collaboration between Harris and Lipa following their 2018 single "One Kiss". 2023–present: Acting debut and Radical Optimism On 26 May 2023, Lipa released "Dance the Night" as the lead single of the Barbie film soundtrack. Lipa made her acting debut in the movie, portraying Mermaid Barbie. In November 2023, Lipa acquired full ownership of all her songs, music, and publishing rights, in a new deal she completed with her former music publishers, TaP Music. The deal included all of her master recordings from her entire music catalogue, which by February 2024, had reached 40 billion streams. On 9 November 2023, Lipa released the lead single from her third studio album titled "Houdini". On the day of its release, she said that Kevin Parker, who produced the song with Danny L Harle, was among her "core collaborators" on the album. Spin referred to Harle as the co-producer of the record. The follow-up singles, "Training Season" and "Illusion", were released on 15 February 2024 and 11 April 2024, respectively. The album titled Radical Optimism followed on 3 May 2024. She continued her acting career with a starring role in the 2024 spy action comedy Argylle. In March 2024, Dua Lipa announced she would do a short tour of European arenas in June of the same year. She performed at the Arena of Nîmes, the Waldbühne in Berlin and the Pula Arena, all of which are amphitheatres. In June, she headlined at Glastonbury Festival 2024, closing the festival's Pyramid Stage on 28 June. On 18 March 2024, Lipa announced the Radical Optimism Tour, a concert tour in support of the album. On 17 October, she performed at the Royal Albert Hall in London, where she sang her biggest hits and songs from her latest studio album. A remix of "These Walls" featuring Belgian singer Pierre de Maere, was released as the fourth single from Radical Optimism on 8 November 2024. On 19 November, she announced the release of her first live album titled Dua Lipa Live from the Royal Albert Hall for 6 December. Fashion ventures Lipa has been the cover girl of several magazines. She signed with Next Models. She was in the cover of the "Boom Boom Tick" editorial for Elle's January 2016 issue. In April 2016 she was again in an editorial of Elle. She was on a supplemental cover of British Vogue in November 2016. She starred an editorial for the January 2017 issue of V. In the same month, she was on the cover for issue 102 of Clash. In March 2017, she became a global ambassador for the American shoe company, Foot Locker, to present women's collections offered by the brand. She was in an editorial for Interview released in April 2017. She modelled for an editorial of Paper, published on 6 June 2017. She was featured in the summer 2017 issue of Teen Vogue in an editorial titled "Fine Tuned". She was in an editorial for June 2017 issue of InStyle. She was in an editorial called "Game Changers" for Fall 2017 issue of V. She was in the Fall/Winter 2017–18 advertising campaign of the Italian brand Patrizia Pepe, as well as recorded a cover of the song "Bang Bang " as a soundtrack for the commercial for the said campaign. She was on the cover and appeared in an editorial for November 2017 issue of Evening Standard. In the same month, she released her second collaboration with the brand Foot Locker for autumn/winter collection. In January 2018, she was part of a promotional clip for an Adidas Originals campaign called "Original Is Never Finished". She was on the cover of April 2018 issue of Teen Vogue. She was on one of the covers for issue 113 of V entitled "The Music Issue", published in May 2018 as a limited edition. She partnered with the fashion brand Nyden on a project to create four clothing collections, but it failed and Lipa "discontinued" her work with the brand. She was on the cover of British GQ for May 2018 issue. She was in the cover for May 2018 issue of Turkish edition of Vogue. She was in the cover for June 2018 issue of British edition of Elle. In October 2018, she was part of an Adidas campaign called "Here to Create" in which she wore brand clothes. She appeared in a Billboard editorial called "Grammy Preview" alongside Post Malone and Ella Mai. She starred the cover for January 2019 issue of British Vogue and an editorial called "Youth Quake". She was the image for the Pepe Jeans London spring/summer 2019 collection campaign, settling down as the first musician to be global ambassador for the brand. Months later she launched her first-ever capsule with the same brand for the autumn/winter collection where she designed clothing inspired by the fashion of the 90s and early 2000s. She had spent part of her childhood in London and remembered her mother talking to her in a Pepe Jeans store in Portobello Road; the collection included chain mail dresses, "casual" denim outfits and garments based on Lipa's "style" released in September 2019. Lipa was on the cover of the May 2019 issue of Elle. She starred one of the four covers in the first issue and an editorial of the re-launch of The Face released in September 2019. She was the cover girl of the October 2019 issue and an editorial for the Spanish edition of Vogue. She starred in a Vogue sitcom clip set in the 90s titled "Dua's World" where she wore the "best" collections of New York Fashion Week. She released her second design collaboration with Pepe Jeans London for spring/summer 2020 collection inspired by the fashion of late 1980s and early 1990s whose collection included "oversized" blazers, cropped knitwear, bodycon dresses, and "metallic" miniskirts. She was on the cover and an editorial called "True to form" for April 2020 issue of Vogue Australia. She appeared in a Rolling Stone editorial published in April 2020 to discuss about her second studio album Future Nostalgia . She was on the cover of the Elle May 2020 issue and an editorial titled "Dua Lipa Gets Physical", and months later she was in the cover for its Canadian and British edition. She was the cover girl for June 2020 issue of GQ on its British edition. She was on one of two covers for W's "The Music Issue", published in September 2020. Lipa released her third design collaboration with Pepe Jeans London for autumn/winter 2020 collection and she stated that it would be her last collaboration with the brand called "Denim decades", which was inspired by every decade since Pepe Jeans started selling denim. In November 2020, she signed a multi-year partnership with Puma becoming the global ambassador of the brand. She was on the cover for December 2020 issue of Attitude. She appeared on the cover for February 2021 issue of British Vogue. In the same month, she was protagonist of the cover for issue 1348 of Rolling Stone. She was on the cover for the March 2021 issue of Time, representing the 100 Next list about the "future 100 most influential people in the world". In the same month, she appeared on the cover of The New York Times "Music Issue". She designed her outfit at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards red carpet featuring a dress in collaboration with the brand Versace inspired by the Aurora Borealis. She was in a Puma brand campaign called "She Moves Us" in which she designed a shoe called "Mayze" released in April 2021. In June 2021, Lipa was an announced as the face of Versace's Fall-Winter 2021 campaign. Dress style and endorsements Dua Lipa has been described by the media as a fashion icon. For a Versace dress and Bulgari diamonds she was rated as one of the "best" dressed celebrities of the 61st Annual Grammy Awards ceremony by various media. For her Alexander Wang dress with 90s style, she was rated as one of the "best" dressed celebrities of the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony. For a Versace dress and Bulgari jewellery she was rated as one of the "best" dressed celebrities of the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony. She released a limited edition lip gloss called "Cremesheen Glass" in collaboration with MAC Cosmetics for its campaign called "Future Forward". She became the face of a perfume called "Libre" for a Yves Saint Laurent campaign launched in September 2019 for which she recorded a promo cover of the song "I'm Free" featured in advertisements for Lipa's campaigns with the brand. Later she was the face of a new version of the same perfume called "Libre Intense". She became an ambassador for the mineral water brand Évian in July 2020. In March 2021 she performed an a cappella of her song "Levitating" for an advertisement for the "Drink True" campaign of the brand Évian. In February 2024, Dua Lipa was promoted to global ambassador for YSL Beauty. Previously, she had been the face of the "Libre" fragrance since 2019. Her appointment to global ambassador followed a wipe of the YSL Beauty Instagram account. Modelling She made her runway debut at Versace's Spring/Summer 2022 show at Milan Fashion Week, which was soundtracked by tracks from her album Future Nostalgia . Artistry and influences The media have described Lipa as having a mezzo-soprano or contralto vocal range. Her music is primarily pop, and has also been described as disco, house and R&B. Stylistically, her music has been described as dance-pop, synth-pop, R&B, dream pop, alternative pop, and nu-disco subgenres. She describes her musical style as being "dark pop". She is also noted for singing in a "distinct, husky, low register", and her "sultry" tone. Regarding her songwriting process, Lipa states she usually comes to the studio with a concept and starts developing the song with her co-writers. She cites Kylie Minogue, Pink, Nelly Furtado, Jamiroquai, Kendrick Lamar, and Chance the Rapper among her musical influences. "My idea of pop has been P!nk and Christina Aguilera and Destiny's Child and Nelly Furtado", said Lipa in a GQ interview in 2018. Her second studio album Future Nostalgia was inspired by artists that she listened to during her teens, including Gwen Stefani, Madonna, Moloko, Blondie and Outkast. Lipa's stage presence was met with criticism in the early stages of her career. A YouTube comment on her performance of "New Rules" at the 2018 BRIT Awards saying "I love her lack of energy, go girl give us nothing" became an internet meme, subjecting Lipa to ridicule. Lipa credited this criticism as motivation to improve her stage presence. Impact A study conducted by the Office for National Statistics revealed that the number of people born with the name "Dua" in England and Wales was 63 in 2017, the year Lipa earned her first UK number-one song with "New Rules"; this increased to 126 in 2019. In May 2018, she was included on British Vogue's inaugural list of the 25 most influential British women of 2018 with Lipa being the youngest on the list at the age of 22. Its review said her 2017 song "New Rules" is an "anthem of female empowerment [that] laid out a blueprint for modern sex lives", and described her as being a "culture definer". Lyndsey Havens from Billboard credited Lipa as being the protagonist in disco's revival in 2020 through her song "Don't Start Now" . People called her "the Future of Pop" due to the success of her sophomore album, Future Nostalgia. She inspired the French photographer, Hugo Comte, in his first photo-book. She was included in Time's 100 Next list on future 100 world's most influential people by Australian singer Kylie Minogue who in her review called Lipa a "shining star". Mark Sutherland and Jem Aswad from Variety rated Lipa as being one of the most impactful women in the global entertainment industry. Several wax figures of Dua Lipa are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world. Accolades and achievements Lipa has received several accolades throughout her career, including seven Brit Awards from nineteen nominations, three Grammy Awards from ten nominations, one MTV Video Music Award from twenty-three nominations, two MTV Europe Music Awards from sixteen nominations, two American Music Award from seven nominations, three iHeartRadio Music Award from nineteen nominations, nine Spotify 1 BILLION streams plaques, and one Bambi Award. Lipa has received two Guinness World Records; in 2020 for most tickets sold for a livestreamed concert by a solo female artist, and in 2021 for most monthly listeners on Spotify for a female artist, but without surpassing the all-time peak achieved by Ariana Grande the year prior. Dua Lipa won the Top Dance/Electronic Song award at the 2024 Billboard Music Awards for her track Houdini, which topped the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart for 17 weeks. Due to her ongoing Radical Optimism tour, Dua accepted the award via a pre-recorded video message, thanking fans for their support and expressing her gratitude. She competed against artists like Ariana Grande and Marshmello for this honor. Dua also teased upcoming tour stops, inviting fans to continue celebrating with her. Time magazine included her in its list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2024. Activism Political views and advocacy Lipa identifies as a feminist. She has spoken out against sexism within the music industry, using social media to raise awareness of women's problems. Lipa has advocated for social equality for the LGBT community. On 12 February 2018, she raised a rainbow flag while performing her song "Be the One" in a presentation at the Hollywood Palladium in Los Angeles as part of The Self-Titled tour. On the 2018 Brit Awards red carpet she wore a white rose dress in support of Time's Up movement. Additionally, at the same event, she stated in her acceptance speech for an award her delight at having "women present in these stages" and more "women winning awards". She explained that her perception of feminism is not about misandry, but demanding the same opportunities. In September 2018, some fans were removed by security from a Lipa concert in the National Exhibition and Convention Center of Shanghai for allegedly waving rainbow flags, despite homosexuality being decriminalised in China in 1997. In response, Lipa said she was "proud" of and "grateful" to the people who showed their pride at the show. In November 2018, Lipa expressed dissatisfaction over the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union due to Brexit because according to her personal experience "no refugee leaves their country without having to." In June 2019, she made public her support for the ongoing Sudanese transition to democracy on social media by sharing a blue image that showed the phrase "Stand with Sudan" where she detailed her rejection of the Khartoum massacre writing about all "women, men and children fighting for a peaceful transition to democracy". She said the event was an attempt to inflict "brutal murder and rape" by government forces on those who try to call for democracy, a "violation of the freedom rights" of Sudanese citizens for blocking their internet and a "violation of human rights". In December of the same year, Lipa endorsed the Labour Party led by Jeremy Corbyn in the 2019 United Kingdom general election, comparing the policies of both Labour and Conservatives on various issues on social media and affirming that it was "the most important election in a generation". She characterised Boris Johnson's victory in the election as a "total disaster" for the UK. She participated in a short film for an initiative called "Global Feminism", directed by Annie Lennox's The Circle in association with Apple Music and released on 7 March 2019 ahead of International Women's Day. The clip intended to raise awareness of misogyny, rape, and violence against women. In April 2019, she showed her support for LGBT rights in Brunei by calling for a boycott against the hotel interests of the Sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, after a penal code punishing homosexuality with death came into force in Brunei. During a Billboard Women in Music event, she used her Powerhouse Award acceptance speech to highlight that women "still have a lot to do for real equality" in which she also complained about the "lack of diversity" among the artists of the Billboard Hot 100 and asked for the continued encouragement to "all the young girls out there to be the powerhouses of the future." Lipa was the headliner party host for the 2020 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras parade, and was part of the parade, before performing several songs. In July 2020, she signed an open letter to the UK government, being received by the then Minister for Women and Equalities, Liz Truss, to request the banning of conversion therapy. Lipa is in favour of universal health care and wondered why people were not protesting about it. In addition, she said that in her country of birth, the United Kingdom, the National Health Service is considered a "right". In June 2020, Lipa shared an Instagram post that criticised the Israel Defense Forces' treatment of Palestinians and showed Israeli soldiers detaining Palestinian minors. The post also referred to "fake Jews in the Israeli government" and "fake Christians in the midwest [United States]" who it said had created Hamas for people to "believe that Hamas is the reason for the decades worth of occupation, oppression, ethnic cleansing, and murder." An Im Tirtzu petition signed by over three thousand people was sent to the Israeli Minister of Defense, Benny Gantz, and the Israeli Minister of Culture and Sport, Hili Tropper, demanding that Lipa's songs be banned from Israeli Army Radio and Galgalatz due to what Im Tirtzu said was "the incitement against IDF soldiers, the antisemitism, the blood libel, conspiracy theories and the blatant lies in the post" shared by Lipa. In response, the Army Radio said that "Galgalatz does not boycott any artist" and "the songs are chosen at the discretion of the editors of each segment." In July 2020, Lipa supported a campaign called "Let the Music Play", in which she signed an open letter sent to the then-Culture Secretary, Oliver Dowden, calling for support from the government of the United Kingdom for the UK's live music industry's economic loss under the COVID-19 pandemic. On 18 July 2020, Lipa shared a post on her Instagram story explaining "why Kosovo is not and will never be Serbia", urging followers to sign a petition which called for Apple to include Kosovo in its mapping services as an independent state. The next day, she published on her social media an image of a banner containing an irredentist map of Greater Albania that reflected parts of Albania, Kosovo, Serbia, Greece and North Macedonia as one nation, appended with the definition of the word "autochthonous". As the banner is commonly associated with extreme Albanian nationalism, she received a backlash on social media, where she was accused of ethnic nationalism and fascism. She later said that her post had been "misinterpreted" by people who promote ethnic separatism, an ideology that she "completely rejects". In August, she urged her Instagram followers to vote against Donald Trump in the 2020 United States presidential election. After endorsing and campaigning for U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in the 2020 Democratic primaries, Lipa expressed support for Joe Biden to become the U.S. president at a virtual event aimed at Albanian Americans later that year during the general election season, arguing that the Kosovars "owed" support to Biden because he was against the massacre and ethnic cleansing of Albanians by having supported the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. In January 2021, she published a call to her Instagram followers to encourage Kosovo citizens to vote in the 2021 Kosovan parliamentary election. In May 2021, after expressing solidarity for the death of Palestinian civilians due to the Israel–Palestine crisis, Lipa criticised The New York Times for publishing an advertisement characterising her, along with Bella and Gigi Hadid, as antisemitic. In July 2021, through her Sunny Hill Foundation, Lipa joined an initiative that was launched by the Municipality of Tirana, called "Adopt a Kindergarten". The aim of the project was to reconstruct a kindergarten that was severely damaged by the 2019 Albania earthquake. She said, "The kindergarten will be very beautiful and I am very proud that Sunny Hill Foundation is a part of it. Let's see better things for our country. I am very proud to be Albanian." The kindergarten was completed in October 2021, and was named "Sunny Hill Kindergarten". Lipa has also continuously raised awareness to the detrimental consequences of the Taliban takeover of 2021 in Afghanistan through her social media and her lifestyle newsletter Service95. In August 2022, Lipa was named an Honorary Ambassador of Kosovo by the President of Kosovo Vjosa Osmani. In response, Lipa wrote that it was an "honor and a privilege to be able to represent my country all over the world" and that she supports the right of Kosovans "to visa liberalization, freedom to travel and to dream big". On 13 November 2022, Lipa dismissed reports that she was to perform at the opening ceremony of that year's FIFA World Cup, and denied ever being involved in any negotiation to perform, calling out the tournament's host country of Qatar for human rights violations. In October 2023, Lipa signed an open letter for the "Artists4Ceasefire" campaign alongside 185 other artists, urging President Biden to push for a ceasefire and an end to the killing of civilians amid the 2023 Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip, and for a corridor into Gaza to be established for humanitarian aid. In November 2023, Israeli music duo Ness & Stilla released the single "Harbu Darbu", which called for Lipa's death. Philanthropy She and her father, Dukagjin, co-created the Sunny Hill Foundation in 2016 to raise funds to help people in Kosovo experiencing financial difficulties. In August 2018, Dua Lipa organised a festival to raise money for the foundation called the Sunny Hill Festival. The then-Mayor of Pristina, Shpend Ahmeti, awarded her the Pristina Key, the first time one had been awarded. Lipa went on to host the festival for the second year in 2019, with Miley Cyrus included as part of the performer line-up. In mid-November 2018, Lipa was part of a campaign organised by UNICEF called "Go Blue" in support of children's rights, on the occasion of World Children's Day . Her contribution consisted of a short video about dressing in blue or displaying the colour blue, with her in a studio re-recording the lyrics of her song "Be the One" . She changed the word "red" to "blue" in the song for the occasion. In December 2018, Lipa participated in a benefit concert for the Ellie Goulding's "Streets of London" annual charity event at Wembley Arena, which "funds specialist support for people who are homeless in London and raises awareness about homelessness." In April 2019, she became a UNICEF supporter during a three-day visit to a camp for refugee children and youth in Beirut, Lebanon. The camp included many uprooted by the conflict in Syria who did not have "adequate" health care or education and Lipa also visited young Palestinians and Syrians in Bourj el-Barajneh refugee camp. She subsequently supported a campaign by her management company with a plan to raise £100,000 to help raise awareness of charities such as The Black Dog and CALM. She asked for a better mental health care for artists in creative industries, as she was "shocked" to read that "suicide rates amongst women working in the arts are almost 70% higher than in the world population". Lipa described mental health as the "issue of our generation". On 26 November 2019, following the 2019 Albania earthquake, Lipa asked fans for donations and support for victims. To raise funds she co-released a limited edition line of t-shirts called "Pray for Albania" in collaboration with Albanian fashion designers. All of the proceeds went to families and victims affected by the seismic event. On 15 March 2020, she asked her fans to make donations to the UNHCR agency to deal with COVID-19 pandemic because refugees are "the most vulnerable on this planet" and they "often live in crowded places" with "limited health services". In the same month, she was part of a television special called "Home Fest" on The Late Late Show with James Corden From His Garage with the goal of raising money for CDC and Feed the Children where she performed her song, "Don't Start Now" , from an apartment in London. On 16 May 2020, she did a live performance of her song "Break My Heart" on the television special Graduate Together: America Honors the High School Class of 2020 aimed at the high school students whose graduation ceremonies and proms were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At the end of May 2020, she participated in a digital event called "Dream with Us" with the aim of raising funds, whose event consisted of a streaming concert at which a portion of proceeds would go to organisations which help fight COVID-19. She took part in a charitable project operated by BBC Radio 1 for a cover version of "Times Like These" released on 23 April 2020 for the Live Lounge segment. She was part of the charity supergroup Live Lounge Allstars in which each member recorded and filmed their contribution to the song from their respective households to encourage social distancing in which profits from the single would primarily go to Children in Need and Comic Relief, as well as COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund. She used social media to encourage Lebanese citizens to donate blood to victims affected by the 2020 Beirut explosion. She donated 5,000 euros to the Theatre of Dodona so that the venue could have its own ticket system and website. She was part of an initiative organised by Belgian singer Angèle and KickCancer Foundation to fund research against childhood cancer, and it was about a charity raffle in which Lipa offered a manuscript of her song "Don't Start Now" as a prize. She performed at 2021 Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Award Party virtually to benefit the AIDS Foundation to combat HIV disease, whose event raised US$3 million. Personal life Lipa's first name Dua was her grandmother's suggestion and means love in Albanian. She is occasionally affectionately referred to as Dula Peep by fans, which originated as a mispronunciation by American talk show host Wendy Williams in 2018. Since then, she has positively embraced the nickname. Lipa's native language is Albanian. She was born and grew up mostly in London, and has a London accent when speaking English. Despite this, she can speak her native language fluently and described her "dual identity" as her "strength". Lipa has described herself as an "honorary Liverpool supporter", after her song "One Kiss" was adopted by the football club's fans in the wake of her performance at the 2018 UEFA Champions League final, since becoming a Reds anthem after significant Liverpool victories. On 27 November 2022, Lipa was granted Albanian citizenship by president Bajram Begaj, one day before the country's 110th independence celebrations. From June 2019 to December 2021, Lipa was in a relationship with American model Anwar Hadid. Since January 2024, Lipa has been dating British actor Callum Turner. Lipa was included in the Sunday Times Rich List for 2024 with an estimated net worth of £90 million. Discography Dua Lipa Future Nostalgia Radical Optimism Filmography Tours Headlining The Self-Titled Tour Future Nostalgia Tour Radical Optimism Tour Promotional 2016 UK Tour Hotter Than Hell Tour US and Europe Tour Opening act Troye Sivan – Suburbia Tour Bruno Mars – 24K Magic World Tour Coldplay – A Head Full of Dreams Tour

=== Elton John ===
Sir Elton Hercules John is a British singer, songwriter and pianist. His music and showmanship have had a significant, lasting impact on the music industry, and his songwriting partnership with lyricist Bernie Taupin is one of the most successful in history. John was the 19th EGOT winner in history. He has sold over 300 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. John learned to play piano at an early age, winning a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music. In the 1960s, he formed the blues band Bluesology, wrote songs for other artists alongside Taupin, and worked as a session musician, before releasing his debut album, Empty Sky . Throughout the next six decades, John cemented his status as a cultural icon with 32 studio albums, including Honky Château , Goodbye Yellow Brick Road , Rock of the Westies , Sleeping with the Past , The One , Songs from the West Coast , The Diving Board and The Lockdown Sessions . His catalog of hit singles includes "Your Song", "Tiny Dancer", "Rocket Man", "Crocodile Rock", "Bennie and the Jets", "Don't Go Breaking My Heart", "I'm Still Standing", "Sacrifice", "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" and "Cold Heart". He has also had success in musical films and theatre, composing music for The Lion King , Aida , and Billy Elliot the Musical . John's final tour, Farewell Yellow Brick Road , became the highest-grossing tour ever at the time. His life and career were dramatised in the 2019 biopic Rocketman. John is an HIV/AIDS charity fundraiser and has been involved in the fight against AIDS since the late 1980s. He established the Elton John AIDS Foundation in 1992, which has raised over £300 million since its inception, and a year later he began hosting his annual AIDS Foundation Academy Awards Party, which has since become one of the biggest high-profile Oscar parties in the Hollywood film industry. John was the chairman and director of Watford Football Club from 1976 to 1987, and again from 1997 to 2002, and is an honorary life president of the club. From the late 1970s to the late 1980s, John developed a severe addiction to drugs and alcohol, but has been clean and sober since 1990. In 2005, he entered a civil partnership with his long-term partner, the Canadian filmmaker David Furnish. They married in 2014, when same-sex marriage was legalised in England and Wales. John has had more than fifty top-40 hits on the UK Singles Chart and US Billboard Hot 100, including nine number ones in both countries, as well as seven consecutive number-one albums in the US. He is the most successful solo artist in the history of the US Billboard charts. His tribute single to Diana, Princess of Wales, "Candle in the Wind 1997", a rewritten version of his 1974 single, sold over 33 million copies worldwide and is the best-selling chart single of all time. In 2021, he became the first solo artist with UK top 10 singles across six decades. John's awards include an Primetime Emmy Award, five Grammy Awards, two Academy Awards, a Tony Award, two Golden Globe Awards, a Laurence Olivier Award, and the Kennedy Center Honor. He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994, and is a fellow of The Ivors Academy. He was appointed Knight Bachelor for services to music and charity in 1998 and was appointed a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour in 2020. Early life and education Elton John was born Reginald Kenneth Dwight on 25 March 1947, in Pinner, Middlesex , the eldest child of Stanley Dwight and only child of Sheila Eileen . He was raised in a council house in Pinner by his maternal grandparents. His parents married in 1945, when the family moved to a nearby semi-detached house. He was educated at Pinner Wood Junior School, Reddiford School and Pinner County Grammar School, until he was 17, when he left just before his A-Level examinations to pursue a career in music. When John began to consider a career in music seriously, his father, who served in the Royal Air Force, tried to steer him toward a more conventional career, such as banking. John has said that his wild stage costumes and performances were his way of letting go after a restrictive childhood. Both his parents were musically inclined, his father having been a trumpet player with the Bob Millar Band, a semi-professional big band that played at military dances. The Dwights were keen record buyers, exposing John to the popular singers and musicians of the day. John started playing his grandmother's piano as a young boy, and within a year his mother heard him picking out Waldteufel's "The Skater's Waltz" by ear. After performing at parties and family gatherings, at age seven, he began formal piano lessons. He showed musical aptitude at school, including the ability to compose melodies, and gained some notoriety by playing like Jerry Lee Lewis at school functions. At age 11, he won a junior scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music. According to one of his instructors, John promptly played back, like a "gramophone record", a four-page piece by George Frideric Handel after hearing it for the first time. For the next five years, John attended Saturday classes at the Academy in central London, and he has said he enjoyed playing Frédéric Chopin and Johann Sebastian Bach and singing in the choir during Saturday classes, but that he was not otherwise a diligent classical student. "I kind of resented going to the Academy," he said. "I was one of those children who could just about get away without practising and still pass, scrape through the grades." He has said that he would sometimes skip classes and ride around on the London Underground. Several instructors have attested that he was a "model student", and during the last few years he took lessons from a private tutor in addition to his classes at the Academy. He left the Academy before taking the final exams. John's mother, though strict with her son, was more outgoing than her husband, and something of a free spirit. With Stanley Dwight uninterested in his son and often absent, John was raised primarily by his mother and maternal grandmother. When his father was home, the Dwights had vehement arguments that greatly distressed John. When he was 14, they divorced. His mother then married a local painter, Fred Farebrother, a caring and supportive stepfather whom John affectionately called "Derf" . They moved into flat No. 3A in an eight-unit apartment building called Frome Court, not far from both previous homes. John wrote the songs that launched his career as a rock star, there. He lived there until he had four albums, simultaneously, in the American Top 40. Career 1962–1969: Pub pianist to staff songwriter At age 15, with his mother's and stepfather's help, John was hired as a pianist at a nearby pub, the Northwood Hills Hotel, playing Thursday to Sunday nights. Known simply as "Reggie", he played a range of popular standards, including songs by Jim Reeves and Ray Charles, as well as his own songs. A stint with a short-lived group called the Corvettes rounded out his time. Although normal-sighted as a teenager, John began wearing horn-rimmed glasses to imitate Buddy Holly. In 1962, John and some friends formed a band called Bluesology. By day, he ran errands for a music publishing company; he divided his nights between solo gigs at a London hotel bar and working with Bluesology. By the mid-1960s, Bluesology was backing touring American soul and R&B musicians such as the Isley Brothers, Major Lance and Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles. In 1966, the band became Long John Baldry's supporting band and played 16 times at the Marquee Club. In 1967, John answered an advertisement in the British music paper New Musical Express, placed by Ray Williams, then the A&R manager for Liberty Records. At their first meeting, Williams gave John an unopened envelope of lyrics written by Bernie Taupin, who had answered the same ad. John wrote music for the lyrics and then sent it to Taupin, which began their decades-long partnership that still continues. When the two first met in 1967, they recorded the first John/Taupin song, "Scarecrow". Six months later, John began going by the name Elton John in homage to two members of Bluesology: saxophonist Elton Dean and vocalist Long John Baldry. He legally changed his name to Elton Hercules John on 7 January 1972. "Hercules" came from the name of a horse in British sitcom Steptoe and Son, of which John was a big fan. The team of John and Taupin joined Dick James's DJM Records as staff songwriters in 1968, and over the next two years wrote material for various artists, among them Roger Cook and Lulu. Taupin would write a batch of lyrics in under an hour and give it to John, who would write music for each of them in half an hour, disposing of the lyrics if he could not come up with anything quickly. For two years they wrote easy-listening tunes for James to peddle to singers. Their early output included a contender for the UK entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, for Lulu, called "I Can't Go On ". It came sixth of six songs. In 1969, John provided piano for Roger Hodgson on his first released single, "Mr. Boyd" by Argosy, a quartet that was completed by Caleb Quaye and Nigel Olsson. 1969–1973: Empty Sky to Goodbye Yellow Brick Road On the advice of music publisher Steve Brown, John and Taupin began writing more complex songs for John to record for DJM. The first was the single "I've Been Loving You" , produced by Caleb Quaye, Bluesology's former guitarist. In 1969, with Quaye, drummer Roger Pope, and bassist Tony Murray, John recorded another single, "Lady Samantha", and an album, Empty Sky. For their follow-up album, Elton John, John and Taupin enlisted Gus Dudgeon as producer and Paul Buckmaster as musical arranger. Elton John was released in April 1970 on DJM Records/Pye Records in the UK and Uni Records in the US, and established the formula for subsequent albums: gospel-chorded rockers and poignant ballads. The album's first single, "Border Song", peaked at 92 on the Billboard Hot 100. The second, "Your Song", reached number seven in the UK Singles Chart and number eight in the US, becoming John's first hit single as a singer. The album soon became his first hit album, reaching number four on the US Billboard 200 and number five on the UK Albums Chart. Backed by former Spencer Davis Group drummer Nigel Olsson and bassist Dee Murray, John's first American concert took place at the Troubadour in Los Angeles, California on 25 August 1970, and was a success. The concept album Tumbleweed Connection was released in October 1970 and reached number two in the UK and number five in the US. The live album 17-11-70 was recorded at a live show aired from A&R Studios on WABC-FM in New York City. Sales of the live album took a blow in the US when an east-coast bootlegger released the performance several weeks before the official album, including all 60 minutes of the aircast, not just the 40 minutes selected by Dick James Music. John and Taupin wrote the soundtrack to the 1971 film Friends and the album Madman Across the Water, which reached number eight in the US and included the hit songs "Levon" and the album's opening track, "Tiny Dancer". In 1972, Davey Johnstone joined the Elton John Band on guitar and backing vocals. Released in 1972, Honky Château became John's first US number one album, spending five weeks at the top of the Billboard 200, and began a streak of seven consecutive US number-one albums. The album reached number two in the UK, and spawned the hit singles "Rocket Man" and "Honky Cat". In 1972, John performed at the Royal Variety Performance, where he was upstaged by the dancing of Larry Smith, the drummer with the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. Smith was invited to join John's second US tour; Smith later said: "I suggested adding in various other bizarre elements like me doing "Singin' in the Rain" as a song and dance act with Elton playing piano. Kubrick's Clockwork Orange film had recently featured that song. Plus I designed crazy, over-the-top costumes and giant stage sets – known as 'Legstravaganzas'. Elton loved all of it." The pop album Don't Shoot Me I'm Only the Piano Player came out at the start of 1973 and reached number one in the UK, the US, and Australia, among other countries. The album produced the hits "Crocodile Rock", his first US Billboard Hot 100 number one, and "Daniel", which reached number two in the US and number four in the UK. The album and "Crocodile Rock" were respectively the first album and single on the consolidated MCA Records label in the US, replacing MCA's other labels, including Uni. Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, a double-album released in October 1973, gained instant critical acclaim and topped the chart on both sides of the Atlantic, remaining at number one for two months. It also temporarily established John as a glam rock star. It contained the US number 1 "Bennie and the Jets", along with the hits "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road", "Candle in the Wind", "Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" and "Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding". 1974–1980: The Rocket Record Company to 21 at 33 John formed his own label, The Rocket Record Company , and signed acts to it—notably Neil Sedaka and Kiki Dee, in whom he took a personal interest. Instead of releasing his own records on Rocket, he signed an $8 million contract with MCA. When the contract was signed in 1974, MCA reportedly took out a $25 million insurance policy on John's life. In 1974, MCA released Elton John's Greatest Hits, a UK and US number one that is certified Diamond by the RIAA for US sales of 17 million copies. In 1974, John collaborated with John Lennon on his cover of the Beatles' "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", the B-side of which was Lennon's "One Day at a Time". It was number 1 for two weeks in the US. In return, John was featured on "Whatever Gets You Thru the Night" on Lennon's album Walls and Bridges. Later that year, in Lennon's last major live performance, the pair performed these two number-one hits, along with the Beatles' "I Saw Her Standing There", at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Lennon made the rare stage appearance with John and his band to keep the promise he had made that he would appear on stage with him if "Whatever Gets You Thru The Night" became a US number-one single. Caribou was released in 1974, becoming John's third number one in the UK and topping the charts in the US, Canada and Australia. Reportedly recorded in two weeks between live appearances, it featured "The Bitch Is Back" and "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me". "Step into Christmas" was released as a stand-alone single in November 1973, and appears in the album's 1995 remastered reissue. Pete Townshend of the Who asked John to play the "Local Lad" in the 1975 film adaptation of the rock opera Tommy, and to perform the song "Pinball Wizard". Drawing on power chords, John's version was recorded and used in the movie. The song charted at number 7 in the UK. John, who had adopted a glam aesthetic on stage, would later state glam rock icon Marc Bolan "had a great effect on me." The 1975 autobiographical album Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy debuted at number one in the US, the first album to do so, and stayed there for seven weeks. John revealed his previously ambiguous personality on the album, with Taupin's lyrics describing their early days as struggling songwriters and musicians in London. The lyrics and accompanying photo booklet are infused with a specific sense of place and time that is otherwise rare in his music. The hit single from this album, "Someone Saved My Life Tonight", captured an early turning point in John's life. The album's release signalled the end of the Elton John Band, as an unhappy and overworked John dismissed Olsson and Murray. According to Circus, a spokesman for John's manager John Reid said the decision was reached mutually via phone while John was in Australia promoting Tommy. Davey Johnstone and Ray Cooper were retained, Quaye and Roger Pope returned, and the new bassist was Kenny Passarelli; this rhythm section provided a heavier backbeat. James Newton Howard joined to arrange in the studio and to play keyboards. In June 1975, John introduced the line-up at the London, England, Wembley Stadium. The rock-oriented Rock of the Westies entered the US albums chart at number 1, as had Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy, a previously unattained feat. John's stage wardrobe now included ostrich feathers, $5,000 spectacles that spelled his name in lights, and costumes such as the Statue of Liberty, Donald Duck, and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. In 1975, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The album features his fifth US number one single, "Island Girl". To celebrate five years since he had first appeared at the venue, in 1975, John played a two-night, four-show stand at the Troubadour. With seating limited to under 500 per show, the chance to purchase tickets was determined by a postcard lottery, with each winner allowed two tickets. Everyone who attended the performances received a hardbound "yearbook" of the band's history. That year, he also played piano on Kevin Ayers's Sweet Deceiver and was among the first and few white artists to appear on the African-American television series Soul Train. On 9 August 1975, John was named the outstanding rock personality of the year at the first annual Rock Music Awards in Santa Monica, California. In May 1976, the live album Here and There was released, followed in October by the album Blue Moves, which contained the single "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word". His biggest success in 1976 was "Don't Go Breaking My Heart", a duet with Kiki Dee that topped a number of charts, including the UK, the US, Australia, France and Canada. Besides being John's most commercially successful period, 1970–1976 is also held in the highest regard critically. In the three-year span from 1972 to 1975, John saw seven consecutive albums reach number one in the US, something that had not been accomplished before. All six of his albums to make Rolling Stone's 2003 list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time" are from this period, with Goodbye Yellow Brick Road ranked highest at number 91. Between 1972 and 1976 he also had six singles reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100. In November 1977, John announced he was retiring from performing; Taupin began collaborating with others. Now producing only one album a year, John issued A Single Man in 1978, with a new lyricist, Gary Osborne; the album produced no singles that made the top 20 in the US, but the two singles from the album released in the UK, "Part-Time Love" and "Song for Guy", both made the top 20 there, with the latter reaching the top 5. In 1979, accompanied by Ray Cooper, John became one of the first Western artists to tour the Soviet Union and Israel. John returned to the US top ten with "Mama Can't Buy You Love" , a song MCA rejected in 1977, recorded with Philadelphia soul producer Thom Bell. John said Bell was the first person to give him voice lessons and encouraged him to sing in a lower register. A disco-influenced album, Victim of Love, was poorly received. In 1979, John and Taupin reunited, though they did not collaborate on a full album until 1983's Too Low For Zero. 21 at 33, released in 1980, was a significant career boost, aided by his biggest hit in four years, "Little Jeannie" , with the lyrics by Gary Osborne. In May 1979, John played eight concerts in the Soviet Union; four dates in Leningrad and four in Moscow. At the same time, John collaborated with the French couple France Gall and Michel Berger on the songs "Donner pour donner" and "Les Aveux", released together in 1980 as a single. 1981–1989: The Fox to Sleeping with the Past John's 1981 album The Fox was recorded during the same sessions as 21 at 33 and included collaborations with Tom Robinson and Judie Tzuke. On 13 September 1980, with Olsson and Murray back in the Elton John Band, and joined by Richie Zito on lead guitar, Tim Renwick on rhythm guitar, and James Newton Howard on keyboards, John performed a free concert to an estimated 400,000 fans on The Great Lawn in Central Park in New York City. He played part of the set dressed as Donald Duck. The album Jump Up! was released in 1982, the biggest hit from which was "Blue Eyes". With original band members Johnstone, Murray and Olsson together again, John returned to the charts with the 1983 album Too Low for Zero, which included the singles "I'm Still Standing" and "I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues", the latter of which featured Stevie Wonder on harmonica and reached number four in the US and number five in the UK. In October 1983, John caused controversy when he broke the United Nations' cultural boycott on apartheid-era South Africa by performing at Sun City. He married his close friend and sound engineer, Renate Blauel, on Valentine's Day 1984; the marriage lasted three years. In 1984, he released Breaking Hearts, which featured the song "Sad Songs ", a number five hit in the US and number seven in the UK. In 1985, John was one of the many performers at Live Aid, held at Wembley Stadium. He played "Bennie and the Jets" and "Rocket Man"; then "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" with Kiki Dee for the first time since the Hammersmith Odeon on 24 December 1982; and introduced George Michael, still then of Wham!, to sing "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me". John also recorded material with Millie Jackson in 1985. Towards the end of the year, John released "Nikita" from the album Ice on Fire, which had a music video directed by Ken Russell. The song reached number three in the UK and number seven in the US. John's highest-charting single of the decade was a collaboration with Dionne Warwick, Gladys Knight and Stevie Wonder called "That's What Friends Are For". It reached number one in the US at the beginning of 1986; credited as Dionne and Friends, the song raised funds for HIV/AIDS research. In the same year, a live orchestral version of "Candle in the Wind" reached number six in the US. He also played piano on two tracks on the heavy metal band Saxon's album Rock the Nations. In 1988, he performed five sold-out shows at Madison Square Garden in New York, giving him 26 for his career. Netting over $20 million, 2,000 items of John's memorabilia were auctioned off at Sotheby's in London. He also released "I Don't Wanna Go On with You Like That" from the album Reg Strikes Back, the single reaching number two in the US in 1988. His albums continued to sell, but of those released in the latter half of the 1980s, only Reg Strikes Back placed in the top 20 in the US. 1990–1999: "Sacrifice" to Aida In 1990, John achieved his first solo UK number one hit single, with "Sacrifice" from the previous year's album Sleeping with the Past; it stayed at the top spot for five weeks. The following year, "Basque" won the Grammy for Best Instrumental, and a guest concert appearance at Wembley Arena John made on George Michael's cover of "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me" was released as a single and topped the charts in both the UK and the US. At the 1991 Brit Awards in London, John won Best British Male. In 1992, John released the US number 8 album The One, featuring the hit song "The One". It was his first album recorded entirely sober. As John recalled in 2020, "I was used to making records under the haze of alcohol or drugs, and here I was, 100% sober, so it was tough. But I managed to come up with a good song, which was the title of the record." He also released "Runaway Train", a duet he recorded with his longtime friend Eric Clapton, with whom he played on Clapton's World Tour. John and Taupin then signed a music publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music for an estimated $39 million over 12 years, including the largest cash advance in music publishing history. In April 1992, John appeared at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert at Wembley Stadium, performing "The Show Must Go On" with the remaining members of Queen, and "Bohemian Rhapsody" with Axl Rose of Guns N' Roses and Queen's remaining members. In September, John performed "The One" at the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards and closed the ceremony performing "November Rain" with Guns N' Roses. In 1993, he released Duets, which featured collaborations with 15 artists, including Tammy Wynette and RuPaul. This included a new collaboration with Kiki Dee, "True Love", which reached the Top 10 of the UK charts. In the same year, The Bunbury Tails, a multi-artist charity album, was released, which was the soundtrack to the British animated television series of the same name. "Up The Revolution" was John's track, alongside contributions from George Harrison, the Bee Gees and Eric Clapton. The album was issued briefly, and only in the UK. Along with Tim Rice, John wrote the songs for the 1994 Disney animated film The Lion King. At the 67th Academy Awards, three of the five nominees for the Academy Award for Best Original Song were from The Lion King soundtrack. John won the award for "Can You Feel the Love Tonight". Both that and "Circle of Life" became hits. "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" also won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 37th Annual Grammy Awards. The soundtrack for The Lion King remained at the top of the Billboard 200 for nine weeks. On 10 November 1999, the RIAA certified The Lion King "Diamond" for selling 15 million copies. In 1994, John was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by Guns N' Roses' frontman Axl Rose. In 1995, he released the album Made in England . The title track is an autobiographical recounting of parts of his life. The album also featured the single "Believe". John performed "Believe" at the 1995 Brit Awards and won the Outstanding Contribution to Music prize. In September 1995, he appeared as Angel Rick on the original studio album of Randy Newman's musical Faust. A duet with Luciano Pavarotti, "Live Like Horses", reached number nine in the UK in December 1996. A compilation album, Love Songs, was released in 1996. Early in 1997, John held a 50th birthday party, costumed as Louis XIV of France, with 500 friends. He performed with the surviving members of Queen in Paris at the opening night of Le Presbytère N'a Rien Perdu De Son Charme Ni Le Jardin De Son Éclat, a work by French ballet legend Maurice Béjart that draws upon the AIDS crisis and the deaths of Freddie Mercury and the company's principal dancer, Jorge Donn. Later in 1997, two close friends died: designer Gianni Versace was murdered on 15 July, and Diana, Princess of Wales died in a Paris car crash on 31 August. In early September, John asked Taupin to revise the lyrics of their 1973 song "Candle in the Wind" to honour Diana, and Taupin agreed. On 6 September 1997, John performed "Candle in the Wind 1997" live for the only time at Diana's funeral in Westminster Abbey. The song became the fastest- and biggest-selling single of all time, eventually selling over 33 million copies globally. The best-selling single in UK chart history, and the best-selling single in Billboard history, it is the first single certified Diamond in the US where it sold over 11 million copies. The 2009 Guinness World Records states it is "the biggest-selling single since UK and US singles charts began in the 1950s, having accumulated worldwide sales of 33 million copies". The song's proceeds of approximately £55 million were donated to Diana's charities via the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund. It won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 40th Annual Grammy Awards in 1998. The song "Something About the Way You Look Tonight" was released as a double A-side. On 15 September 1997, John appeared at the Music for Montserrat charity concert at the Royal Albert Hall, London, England, performing three songs solo before finishing with "Hey Jude" alongside Paul McCartney, Eric Clapton, Phil Collins, Mark Knopfler and Sting. Two months later he performed on the BBC's Children in Need charity single "Perfect Day", which reached number one in the UK. John appeared as himself in the Spice Girls film Spice World, released in December 1997. The Lion King musical debuted on Broadway in 1997 and the West End theatre in 1999. In 2014, it had grossed over $6 billion and became the top-earning title in box-office history for both stage productions and films, surpassing the record previously held by Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical The Phantom of the Opera. In addition to The Lion King, John composed music for Disney's musical production Aida in 1999 with lyricist Tim Rice, for which they received the Tony Award for Best Original Score at the 54th Tony Awards, and the Grammy Award for Best Musical Show Album at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The musical had its world premiere at the Atlanta, Georgia, Alliance Theatre and went on to Chicago, Illinois and eventually Broadway in New York City. John released a live compilation album, Elton John One Night Only – The Greatest Hits, featuring songs from his show at Madison Square Garden in New York City that same year. A concept album of songs from the musical Aida, Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida, was also released and featured the John duets "Written in the Stars" with LeAnn Rimes, and "I Know the Truth" with Janet Jackson. 2000–2009: Billy Elliot the Musical and 60th birthday By this time, John disliked appearing in his own music videos; the video for "This Train Don't Stop There Anymore" featured Justin Timberlake portraying a young John, and the video for "I Want Love" featured Robert Downey, Jr. lip-syncing the song. At the 2001 Grammy Awards, John performed "Stan" with Eminem. One month after the 11 September attacks, John appeared at the Concert for New York City, performing "I Want Love" as well as "Your Song" as a duet with Billy Joel. In August 2003, John's fifth UK number one single, "Are You Ready for Love", topped the charts. Returning to musical theatre, John composed music for a West End theatre production of Billy Elliot the Musical in 2005 with playwright Lee Hall. John had been moved to write the musical after seeing the 2000 British coming-of-age film Billy Elliot, saying of the titular character, "he's like me". Opening to strong reviews, the show won four Laurence Olivier Awards, including Best New Musical. The 12th-longest-running musical in West End history, the London production, which featured Tom Holland as Billy for two years, ran through April 2016, with 4,566 performances. As of December 2015, Billy Elliot has been seen by over 5.25 million people in London and nearly 11 million people worldwide , grossed over $800 million worldwide and won over 80 theatre awards internationally. John's only theatrical project with Taupin is Lestat, based on Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles. It received negative reviews from critics and closed in May 2006 after 39 performances. John featured on rapper Tupac Shakur's posthumous single "Ghetto Gospel", which topped the UK charts in July 2005. In October 2003, John announced that he had signed an exclusive agreement to perform 75 shows over three years at Caesars Palace on the Las Vegas Strip in Nevada. The show, The Red Piano, was a multimedia concert featuring massive props and video montages created by David LaChapelle. Effectively, he and Celine Dion shared performances at Caesars Palace throughout the year; while one performed, the other rested. The first of these shows took place on 13 February 2004. In February 2006, John and Dion sang together at the venue to raise money for Harrah's Entertainment Inc. workers affected by the 2005 hurricanes, performing "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word" and "Saturday Night's Alright ". The Walt Disney Company named John a Disney Legend for his contributions to Disney's films and theatrical works on 9 October 2006. Also in 2006, he told Rolling Stone that he planned for his next record to be in R&B and hip hop. "I want to work with Pharrell Williams, Timbaland, Snoop [Dogg], Kanye [West], Eminem and just see what happens", he said. West sampled John's "Someone Saved My Life Tonight" on his 2007 song "Good Morning" and in 2010 invited him to his Hawaii studio to play piano and sing on "All of the Lights". In March 2007, John performed at Madison Square Garden for a record-breaking 60th time for his 60th birthday; the concert was broadcast live and a DVD recording was released as Elton 60 – Live at Madison Square Garden; a greatest-hits compilation CD, Rocket Man—Number Ones, was released in 17 different versions worldwide, including a CD/DVD combo; and his back catalogue—almost 500 songs from 32 albums—became available for legal paid download. On 1 July 2007, John appeared at the Concert for Diana at Wembley Stadium in honour of Diana, Princess of Wales on what would have been her 46th birthday, with the concert's proceeds going to Diana's charities as well as to charities of which her sons Prince William and Prince Harry are patrons. John opened the concert with "Your Song" and closed it with "Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting", "Tiny Dancer", and "Are You Ready For Love". On 21 June 2008, John performed his 200th show at Caesars Palace. A DVD/CD package of The Red Piano was released through Best Buy in November 2008. In a September 2008 GQ interview John said, "I'm going on the road again with Billy Joel again next year", referring to "Face to Face", a series of concerts featuring the two. The tour began in March. In 2009, John accepted Jerry Cantrell's invitation to collaborate with his band Alice in Chains. John played the piano in the song "Black Gives Way to Blue", a tribute to the band's late lead singer, Layne Staley, which was the title track and closing song of the album Black Gives Way to Blue, released in September 2009. The first concert Staley attended was one of John's, and his mother said he was blown away by it. Cantrell added, "Elton is a very important musical influence to all of us in varying degrees, and especially to me. My first album was Elton John's Greatest Hits. And actually, we were reminded by Layne's stepfather that Elton was his first concert, so it was all really appropriate." John said he had long admired Cantrell and could not resist the offer. 2010–2018: The Union to Wonderful Crazy Night John performed a piano duet with Lady Gaga at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, which consisted of two songs of Gaga's, before culminating in "Your Song". On 17 June - and 17 years to the day after his previous performance in Israel - he performed at the Ramat Gan Stadium; this was significant because of other then-recent cancellations by other performers in the fallout surrounding an Israeli raid on Gaza Flotilla the month before. In his introduction to that concert, John said that he and other musicians should not "cherry-pick our conscience", in reference to Elvis Costello, who was to have performed in Israel two weeks after John did but cancelled in the wake of the aforementioned raid, citing his conscience. John released The Union on 19 October 2010. He has said the album, a collaboration with American singer, songwriter and sideman Leon Russell, marked a new chapter in his recording career, saying: "I don't have to make pop records any more." He began his new show The Million Dollar Piano at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, on 28 September 2011, and performed it there for the next three years. He performed his 3000th concert on 8 October 2011, at Caesars. Also in 2011, John performed vocals on "Snowed in at Wheeler Street" with Kate Bush for her album 50 Words for Snow. On 3 February 2012, he visited Costa Rica for the first time, performing at the recently built National Stadium. On 4 June 2012, John performed at Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Concert at Buckingham Palace, playing a three-song set. On 30 June, he played in Kyiv, Ukraine in a joint concert with Queen + Adam Lambert for the Elena Pinchuk ANTIAIDS Foundation. An album containing remixes of songs that he recorded in the 1970s, Good Morning to the Night, was released in July 2012. The remixes were conducted by Australian group Pnau, and the album reached number one in the UK. At the 2012 Pride of Britain Awards on 30 October, John along with Michael Caine, Richard Branson, Simon Cowell and Stephen Fry, recited Rudyard Kipling's poem "If—" in tribute to the 2012 British Olympic and Paralympics athletes. In February 2013, John performed a duet with singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards. Later in 2013, he collaborated with rock band Queens of the Stone Age on their sixth studio album, ...Like Clockwork, contributing piano and vocals on the song "Fairweather Friends". He said he was a fan of frontman Josh Homme's side project, Them Crooked Vultures, and had phoned Homme to ask if he could perform on the album. In September 2013, John received the first Brits Icon Award for his "lasting impact" on the culture of the United Kingdom. Rod Stewart presented him with the award on stage at the London Palladium before the two performed a duet of "Sad Songs ". John's 31st album, The Diving Board, produced by T-Bone Burnett, was released in September 2013 and reached number three in the UK and number four in the US. In October 2015, it was announced he would release his 32nd studio album, Wonderful Crazy Night, on 5 February 2016. It too was produced by Burnett. The album's first single, "Looking Up", was released in the same month. This album marked John's first full album recorded with his touring band since 2006's The Captain & the Kid. He also had a major role, as himself, in the action movie Kingsman: The Golden Circle, which was released in September 2017. On 26 January 2017, it was announced that John would compose the score for the Broadway musical version of the novel The Devil Wears Prada and its film adaptation, with Kevin McCollum as producer and Paul Rudnick writing the lyrics and story. The timeline for the musical is yet to be announced. In June 2017, John appeared in the award-winning documentary The American Epic Sessions, directed by Bernard MacMahon. In the film, he recorded live on the restored first electrical sound recording system from the 1920s. John composed and arranged a lyric by Taupin, "Two Fingers of Whiskey", written specially for the film, live on camera with the help of Burnett and Jack White. Danny Eccleston in Mojo pointed out that "in one of the series' most extraordinary moments, Elton John arrives toting a box-fresh lyric by Bernie Taupin and works it up in an instant, the song materializing in front of the viewers' eyes before John and Jack White go for the take. There's the magic right there." "Two Fingers of Whiskey" was released on 9 June 2017, on Music from The American Epic Sessions: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack. 2018–present: Farewell Yellow Brick Road Tour, biopic, and upcoming new music On 24 January 2018, it was announced that John was retiring from touring and would soon embark on a three-year farewell tour. The first concert took place in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on 8 September 2018. John cited spending time with his family as the reason for his retirement: "Ten years ago if you asked me if I would stop touring I would have said no. But we had children and that changed our lives. I have had an amazing life and career but my life has changed. My priorities are now my children and my husband and my family." Consisting of more than 300 concerts worldwide, the tour ended in Stockholm, Sweden on 8 July 2023, following rescheduled shows due to the COVID-19 pandemic and health issues. In September 2018, John reportedly signed an agreement with Universal Music Group to represent his new music "for the rest of his career" in addition to his work from the last 50 years. A biopic about John's life from his childhood to the 1980s, Rocketman, was produced by Paramount Pictures and released in May 2019. It was directed by Dexter Fletcher, who had also co-directed the film Bohemian Rhapsody, and stars Taron Egerton as John; John had previously appeared as a fictionalised version of himself alongside Egerton in the film Kingsman: The Golden Circle . John and Egerton performed a new song written for Rocketman, " Love Me Again", which premiered on BBC Radio 2 in 2019. The song would see John win the Academy Award for Best Original Song for the second time. In October 2019, John released what he described as his "first and only autobiography", Me. The audiobook of Me was narrated by Egerton, with John reading the prologue and epilogue. John played at the Western Sydney Stadium on 7 March before the remainder of the tour was postponed indefinitely on 16 March due to the COVID pandemic. In early 2020, John played piano on Ozzy Osbourne's rock ballad "Ordinary Man", released on Osbourne's album of the same name. On 29 May, his duet with Lady Gaga, "Sine from Above", from her album Chromatica, was released. John released Regimental Sgt. Zippo on 12 June 2021. Recorded as his debut album in 1968, the album was shelved in favour of 1969's Empty Sky, and released vinyl-only in 2021 for Record Store Day. On 1 September 2021, John announced his new collaboration album The Lockdown Sessions which he made during the first COVID-19 lockdown, which was released on 22 October 2021. Artists he collaborated with on the album include Eddie Vedder, Miley Cyrus, Dua Lipa, Lil Nas X, Gorillaz, Nicki Minaj, Young Thug, Stevie Wonder, Rina Sawayama, Charlie Puth, and Stevie Nicks. In a statement on the project, John explained: "I realised there was something weirdly familiar about working like this. At the start of my career, in the late 60s, I worked as a session musician. Working with different artists during lockdown reminded me of that. I'd come full circle: I was a session musician again. And it was still a blast." "Cold Heart ", a collaboration with Dua Lipa, was released on 13 August 2021, as the album's first single. It peaked at number one in the UK in October 2021, becoming John's first UK number one in 16 years since 2005's "Ghetto Gospel". With this hit, he became the first solo artist to have top 10 singles in the UK in 6 different decades. "Cold Heart" also peaked at number 1 in Australia in November 2021. At 74 years, 7 months and 14 days, John became the oldest artist to hit the top of the ARIA Singles Chart. John contributed to the charity tribute album The Metallica Blacklist, released in September 2021, by backing Miley Cyrus on a cover of the Metallica song "Nothing Else Matters". On 29 November 2021, John and Sheeran released "Merry Christmas", a duet single for charity. Inspired by a scene from the 2003 romantic-comedy film Love Actually, the song's music video sees the duo pay homage to scenes from past British Christmas hits, including "Last Christmas", "Walking in the Air", "Merry Christmas Everyone", and "Stay Another Day". All of the UK profits from the song went to the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the Ed Sheeran Suffolk Music Foundation. The song topped the UK Singles Chart on 10 December to become John's ninth UK number one. Later that month, a comedy version of the song, titled "Sausage Rolls for Everyone" and released as a collaboration with Sheeran and LadBaby, replaced the song atop the chart and became his tenth number one, as well as his third chart-topper of 2021. In January 2022, John continued his farewell tour for the first time since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, with his first show back taking place in New Orleans, Louisiana. To celebrate his 75th birthday in March 2022, John released a digitally remastered version of his Diamonds compilation album on streaming platforms. In August 2022, John collaborated with Britney Spears on the song "Hold Me Closer", which marked Spears' first new musical release in six years and her first release after the termination of her controversial conservatorship. The song had a polarised critical reception while achieving commercial success upon release. It topped the charts in five countries and reached the top ten in 19 countries. The same month it was announced that John had written the music for a new musical about the life of televangelist Tammy Faye Messner, with book by playwright James Graham and lyrics by Jake Shears. The musical, titled Tammy Faye, opened at the Almeida Theatre in London, England in October 2022. On 25 June 2023, John headlined the Glastonbury Festival. Performing on the Pyramid Stage, John closed the festival with a two-hour performance which saw "Pinball Wizard" played live for the first time in over 10 years. The event drew in the festivals largest ever TV viewing figures in the UK with a peak of 7.6 million and an average of 7.3 million, the BBC also announced it had almost 50% of all viewers across all stations viewing the event. On 8 July 2023, John performed the final concert of the tour in Stockholm, Sweden at the Tele2 Arena. Upon opening the show, John said: "Good evening Stockholm, well this is it". At the time, the tour was the highest-grossing tour ever; it has since been surpassed by Taylor Swift's Eras Tour. Though retired from touring, John has said that he will continue to "do the odd show" and is also in the early planning stages of recording a new album. On 1 October 2024, John made a surprise appearance during a United States premiere of his documentary, Elton John: Never Too Late, at Alice Tully Hall in New York City as part of the 62nd New York Film Festival. After the screening, John appeared on stage, gave an update on his health and performed "Tiny Dancer". This was his first public performance since the end of his retirement tour. Personal life Sexuality and family In the late 1960s, John was engaged to be married to his first lover, secretary Linda Woodrow, who is mentioned in the song "Someone Saved My Life Tonight". Woodrow provided financial assistance to John and Taupin at the time. John ended the relationship two weeks before their intended wedding, after being advised by Taupin and Long John Baldry. In 2020, John helped pay for Woodrow's medical fees upon her request, despite having lost contact with her 50 years previously. In 1970, right after his first US shows in Los Angeles, California, John lost his virginity to and started his first gay relationship with John Reid, the Tamla Motown label manager for the UK, who later became John's manager. The relationship ended five years later, although Reid remained his manager until 1998. John married German recording engineer, Renate Blauel, on 14 February 1984, in an extravagant wedding ceremony at St Mark's Church, Darling Point, Sydney, Australia. Blauel said she attempted suicide during their honeymoon in St-Tropez after John told her that he wanted to end the union. Their marriage ended in divorce in 1988. John stated: "She was the classiest woman I've ever met, but it wasn't meant to be. I was living a lie." In 2020, Blauel sued John for writing about their relationship in his 2019 Me: Elton John Official Autobiography, which she claimed broke the terms of their divorce agreement. The case was settled later the same year. John had come out as bisexual in a 1976 interview with Rolling Stone. In 1992, he told Rolling Stone in another interview that he was "quite comfortable about being gay". In 1987, John won a libel case against The Sun, which published false allegations that he had had sex with rent boys. In 1993, John began a relationship with David Furnish, a former advertising executive and now filmmaker originally from Toronto, Canada. On 21 December 2005 , John and Furnish were among the first couples to form a civil partnership in the United Kingdom, which was held at the Windsor Guildhall. After same-sex marriage became legal in the United Kingdom in March 2014, John and Furnish married in Windsor, Berkshire, on 21 December 2014, the ninth anniversary of their civil partnership. John and Furnish have two sons. The elder, Zachary Jackson Levon Furnish-John, was born via surrogacy on 25 December 2010, in California. The younger, Elijah Joseph Daniel Furnish-John, was born on 11 January 2013, via the same surrogate. John also has ten godchildren, including Sean Lennon, David and Victoria Beckham's sons Brooklyn and Romeo, Elizabeth Hurley's son Damian Hurley, and Seymour Stein's daughter. The Los Angeles Times described John as a "self-declared atheist." In 2000, John characterised the beliefs of the Roman Catholic Church on homosexuality as "ignorance" after a priest stated homosexuals engage in "a lifestyle that can never respond to the deepest longings of the human heart." He further stated, in a 2006 interview with The Observer, that he would "ban religion completely, even though there are some wonderful things about it" and that "religion has always tried to turn hatred toward gay people" and "turns people into hateful lemmings and it is not really compassionate." Reuters reported John admired the teachings of Jesus Christ, but was critical of organised religion. In 2010, some Christian groups in the US criticised John after he described Jesus as a "compassionate, super-intelligent gay man who understood human problems". Bill Donohue, president of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights and opponent of gay marriage, responded: "To call Jesus a homosexual is to label him a sexual deviant. But what else would we expect from a man who previously said, 'From my point of view, I would ban religion completely.'" John stated, in his 2019 autobiography Me, that he had received many death threats as a result of his statements. Neal Horsley, a Christian Reconstructionist from Bremen, Georgia, United States, was arrested for making terrorist threats, after posting a YouTube video stating: "We're here today to remind Elton John that he has to die". The charges were subsequently dropped. In 2008, John said he preferred civil partnerships to marriage for gay people, but by 2012 he had changed his position and become a supporter of same-sex marriage in the United Kingdom. John said: "There is a world of difference between calling someone your 'partner' and calling them your 'husband'. 'Partner' is a word that should be preserved for people you play tennis with, or work alongside in business. It doesn't come close to describing the love that I have for David, and he for me. In contrast, 'husband' does". In 2014, John said Jesus would have been in favour of same-sex marriage. Wealth In April 2009, the Sunday Times Rich List estimated John's wealth at £175 million and ranked him the 322nd wealthiest person in Britain. A decade later, John was estimated to have a fortune of £320 million in the 2019 Sunday Times Rich List, making him one of the 10 wealthiest people in the British music industry. Aside from his main home, Woodside, in Old Windsor, Berkshire, John owns residences in: Atlanta, Georgia ; London, England; Los Angeles, California; Nice, France and Venice, Italy. His property in Nice is on Mont Boron. John is an art collector and is believed to have one of the largest private photography collections in the world. In 2000, John admitted to spending £30 million in just under two years—an average of £1.5 million a month. Between January 1996 and September 1997, he spent more than £9.6m on property and £293,000 on flowers. In June 2001, John sold twenty of his cars at Christie's auction house, saying he never had the chance to drive them because he was out of the country so often. The sale, which included a 1993 Jaguar XJ220, the most expensive at £234,750, and several Ferraris, Rolls-Royces, and Bentleys, raised nearly £2 million. In 2003, John sold the contents of his Holland Park home – expected to fetch £800,000 at Sotheby's — to modernise the decoration and to display some of his contemporary art collection. Every year since 2004, John has opened a shop called "Elton's Closet", in which he sells his secondhand clothes. In October 2021, John was named in the Pandora Papers, which allege a secret financial deal of politicians and celebrities, using tax havens, in an effort to avoid the payment of owed taxes. Other A longtime tennis enthusiast, in 1975, he released the song "Philadelphia Freedom" in tribute to his friend Billie Jean King's World Team Tennis team, the Philadelphia Freedoms. King was a player-coach for the team at the time. John and King remain friends and co-host an annual pro-am event to benefit AIDS charities, most notably the Elton John AIDS Foundation, of which King is a chairperson. John, who maintains a part-time residence in Atlanta, Georgia, became a fan of the Atlanta Braves baseball team, when he moved there in 1991. John has appeared in commercials for Diet Coke , the Royal Mail, Snickers and John Lewis & Partners department store, among others. Authors Roger Blackwell and Tina Stephan wrote "the relationship of Elton John and Diet Coke is one of the classic success stories in the role of sponsorship in brand building." His 2018 John Lewis & Partners Christmas advert shown in the UK, titled "The Boy & The Piano", sees him reminisce about his life and career in reverse, culminating with Christmas Day in the 1950s when he received a piano for Christmas from his mother. An admirer of Monty Python, he was among a group of musicians who helped finance their film Monty Python and the Holy Grail . At the 2nd Empire Awards, in 1997, John presented the comedy group the Empire Inspiration Award. John performed "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me," at the memorial service for Australian cricketer Shane Warne, on 30 March 2022. John is among the people interviewed for the documentary film If These Walls Could Sing directed by Mary McCartney about the recording studios at Abbey Road which premiered in November 2022. On 20 June 2023, John said the reaction to Phillip Schofield's secret affair with a younger colleague was "totally homophobic", stating: "If it was a straight guy in a fling with a young woman, it wouldn't even make the papers." On 17 July 2023, John gave evidence as a defense witness at Kevin Spacey's sexual assault trial. In December 2024, Madame Tussauds revealed a new wax work of John, with it being their most structurally ambitious figure ever. The statue features John in his 1970s heyday as he defies gravity as and is suspended mid-air over his rhinestone piano in his signature handstand move from the era. Football John became the chairman and director of Watford, in 1976, after supporting the team since his youth. John appointed Graham Taylor as manager and invested large sums of money as the club rose three divisions into the English First Division. At their height, the club finished runners up in the First Division, in 1983, and reached the FA Cup Final, at Wembley Stadium, in 1984. John sold the club to Jack Petchey, in 1987, but remained president. Ten years later, John repurchased the club from Petchey and once again became chairman. He stepped down, in 2002, when the club needed a full-time chairman, but continued as president. Although no longer the majority shareholder, John still holds a significant financial interest. In 2005 and 2010, John held a concert at Watford's home stadium, Vicarage Road, and donated proceeds to the club. John has remained friends with a number of high-profile players in football, including Pelé and David Beckham. From late 1975 to 1976, John was a part-owner of the Los Angeles Aztecs of the North American Soccer League. On 13 December 2014, he appeared at Watford's Vicarage Road with his husband and sons for the opening of the "Sir Elton John stand". He called the occasion "one of the greatest days of my life". John's paternal cousin Roy Dwight was a professional footballer, who scored for Nottingham Forest in the 1959 FA Cup Final before breaking his leg later in the same match. Political views In 2006, regarding his political views, John said: "If I was to say what I am, I'd be a Labour man. I like Tony Blair a lot, I think he's a good man. And in America I'd definitely be a Democrat; I'd never be a Republican." John met Blair at the Brit Awards 1998, where Blair awarded him the Freddie Mercury Award for his charitable work with the Elton John AIDS Foundation. Although John was still fond of Blair as a person, his opinions about Blair's leadership qualities declined over time, and by 2006 he planned to withdraw his support from the Labour Party, saying: "I think it's very hard to be in power for a long time. I think you lose touch. It's that goldfish bowl mentality." John was also a friend of Blair's successor Gordon Brown, but despite being called "one of the Labour Party's most stalwart supporters" by The Daily Telegraph, the newspaper described him as a "floating voter" in 2009. John announced his intention to vote Remain during the UK's 2016 European Union referendum on Instagram, sharing an image with the words "build bridges not walls", along with the caption "I'm voting to remain. #StrongerInEurope". In 2019, he said the Brexit vote and the way it had been handled had made him ashamed. In 2021, John said that his requests to meet with Boris Johnson regarding Brexit and touring visas for musicians were ignored. In 2023, John addressed a cross-party gathering of politicians at Westminster and said that the winner of the next general election could help to eradicate AIDS worldwide by the end of the decade. He returned to publicly supporting Labour at the 2024 general election, endorsing the party's leader Keir Starmer to become prime minister. John called President George W. Bush "the worst thing that ever happened to America" and was "very against the Iraq War", but later praised Bush as the president who had done the most to combat AIDS. After senator Barack Obama won the 2008 United States presidential election, John called Obama's victory "incredibly moving." He would later meet President Obama in the White House on 6 May 2015. During the 2016 presidential election, John supported Hillary Clinton's campaign, and performed alongside Katy Perry and Andra Day at Clinton's fundraiser concert at Radio City Music Hall, New York City. After his performance, John praised Clinton as "the only choice" America had. John was among 27 artists to have opposed Donald Trump's use of their music at his campaign rallies, and declined an invitation to attend Trump's inauguration in January 2017, stating: "I have given it at lot of thought, and as a British National I don't feel that it's appropriate for me to play at the inauguration of an American President, please accept my apologies." He also exhorted Trump to continue the global fight against HIV/AIDS, and closed his letter by wishing Trump "every success with your presidency." Trump, a fan of John's music, has referenced John on numerous instances, including referring to North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un as "Little Rocket Man" during Trump's first address to the United Nations in September 2017. He also said he had given Kim a CD of the song "Rocket Man" that was signed by John, and said he had taken piano lessons from John. In an interview with Variety, John was asked about Trump's use of term to describe Kim, and he responded, "I laughed, I thought it was brilliant." In 2022, after John performed at the White House, President Joe Biden surprised him by presenting him with the National Humanities Medal. Biden said of John: "Like so many Americans, our family loves his music. It's clear Elton John's music has changed our lives." Biden said in his 2017 book Promise Me, Dad that he sang "Crocodile Rock" to his son Beau when he was a child, and again when he was dying of cancer. During the 2024 United States presidential election, John assisted Biden at the opening of the Stonewall National Monument Visitor Center in New York, the first LGBTQ center in the National Park Service's network. In 2013, John resisted calls to boycott Russia in protest at the Russian gay propaganda law, but told fans at a Moscow concert that the laws were "inhumane and isolating", and he was "deeply saddened and shocked over the current legislation". In a January 2014 interview, Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke of John in an attempt to show that there was no discrimination against gays in Russia, saying: "Elton John – he's an extraordinary person, a distinguished musician, and millions of our people sincerely love him, regardless of his sexual orientation." John responded by offering to introduce Putin to Russians abused under Russian legislation banning "homosexual propaganda". On 24 September 2015, the Associated Press reported that Putin called John and invited him to meet in the future to discuss LGBT rights in Russia. In October 2020, John called attention to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan. He said in his Instagram post: "In May 2018, I visited [Armenia] and was overwhelmed with the kindness and humanity shown to me by the Armenian people. Now Armenia and Artsakh are under attack from unprovoked Azeri/Turkish aggression. Civilians are being targeted and there are needless deaths on both sides." On 9 December 2022, John left Twitter, following changes to its rules made by new owner Elon Musk, stating: "All my life I've tried to use music to bring people together. Yet it saddens me to see how misinformation is now being used to divide our world. I've decided to no longer use Twitter, given their recent change in policy which will allow misinformation to flourish unchecked." Musk replied to the post saying: "I love your music. Hope you come back. Is there any misinformation in particular that you're concerned about?" In December 2024, John made public his opposition to marijuana legalization, noting, among other things, his own past drug use. John described the legalization of marijuana in Canada and parts of the United States "one of the greatest mistakes of our time." Friendship with the British royal family John has performed at a number of events involving the British royal family, such as the funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales at Westminster Abbey in 1997, the Party at the Palace in 2002 and the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert outside Buckingham Palace in 2012. On 4 June 2022, John was projected on to the facade of Buckingham Palace playing "Your Song" at the Platinum Party at the Palace to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. After the death of Elizabeth II on 8 September 2022, John paid tribute to her during a show by saying "She led the country through some of our greatest and darkest moments with grace, decency and a genuine caring warmth." John was close friends with Diana, and has remained close with her sons William and Harry. Health By 1975, the pressures of stardom had begun to take a serious toll on John. During "Elton Week" in Los Angeles that year, he had a cocaine overdose. He also developed the eating disorder bulimia. In a 2002 CNN interview with Larry King, King asked if John knew of Diana, Princess of Wales's eating disorder; John replied: "Yes, I did. We were both bulimic." In a July 2019 Instagram post, John stated he had been sober for 29 years. At a 2022 concert in Indianapolis, John said he cleaned himself up after spending time with the family of Ryan White. "I knew that my lifestyle was crazy and out of order. ... I cannot thank them enough, because without them, I'd probably be dead." In a 2014 interview, he also attributed his sobriety to the Kate Bush and Peter Gabriel duet "Don't Give Up" from 1986, in particular the lyric from Bush, "Rest your head. You worry too much. It's going to be all right. When times get rough you can fall back on us. Don't give up." He states, "she [Bush] played a big part in my rebirth. That record helped me so much." On 22 April 2017, John was discharged from hospital after two nights of intensive care for contracting "a harmful and unusual" bacterial infection during his return flight home from a South American tour in Santiago, Chile, and was forced to cancel all his shows scheduled for April and May 2017. In October 2021, John required hip surgery after "falling awkwardly on a hard surface". On 16 February 2020, his first show at Mount Smart Stadium in Auckland, New Zealand was cut short. He had been diagnosed with walking pneumonia, and lost his voice during the show. He was cleared to perform the next show on 19 February. In January 2022, John had to temporarily postpone two shows of his Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour in Dallas, Texas after testing positive for COVID-19 and experiencing mild symptoms, and resumed the tour again after making a full recovery. On 1 December 2024, John revealed that he had lost his eyesight. In September, he had said that a severe eye infection he contracted in July, while spending the summer in the South of France, had left him blind in his right eye and with "only limited vision" in his left. Philanthropy John is well known for his philanthropic efforts, being involved in charity fundraising events since 1986. In 1992, after losing two friends – to AIDS in the span of a year – John founded the Elton John AIDS Foundation, an organisation which has raised over $600 million to support HIV-related programs in 55 countries. John was recognised for his services to charity twice, receiving a knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II in 1998 and being appointed by her to be a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour in 2020. AIDS foundation John has said that he took risks with unprotected sex during the 1980s and considers himself lucky to have avoided contracting HIV. In 1985, he joined with Dionne Warwick, Gladys Knight and Stevie Wonder to record the single "That's What Friends Are For", with profits donated to the American Foundation for AIDS Research. The song went to number one in the United States the following year and won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. In April 1990, John travelled to Indianapolis, Indiana, to be by the side of Ryan White, a teenage haemophiliac whom he had befriended and whose health was deteriorating. On the eve of White's death, he performed at Farm Aid IV, dedicating "Candle in the Wind" to White. He performed his 1968 ballad "Skyline Pigeon" at White's funeral.John became more closely associated with AIDS charities following the deaths of his friends Ryan White in 1990 and Freddie Mercury in 1991, raising large amounts of money and using his public profile to raise awareness of the disease. He founded the Elton John AIDS Foundation in 1992 as a charity to fund programmes for HIV/AIDS prevention, for the elimination of prejudice and discrimination against HIV/AIDS-affected individuals, and to provide services to people living with or at risk of contracting HIV/AIDS. This continues to be one of his passions. In 1993, he began hosting his annual Academy Award Party, which has become one of the highest-profile Oscar parties in the Hollywood film industry and has raised over US$200 million. To raise money for his AIDS charity, John annually hosts a White Tie & Tiara Ball on the grounds of his home in Old Windsor in Berkshire, to which many celebrities are invited. The ninth annual White Tie & Tiara Ball took place on 28 June 2007. The menu consisted of a truffle soufflé followed by surf and turf and a giant knickerbocker glory ice cream. An auction followed, emceed by Stephen Fry. A Rolls-Royce "Phantom" drophead coupe and a piece of Tracey Emin's artwork both raised £800,000 for the charity fund, with the total amount raised reaching £3.5 million. Later, John sang "Delilah" with Tom Jones and "Big Spender" with Shirley Bassey. The 2011 guests included Prince Andrew's former wife Sarah Ferguson, Elizabeth Hurley and George Michael; the auction raised £5 million, adding to the £45 million the balls have raised for John's foundation. On 23 February 2023, The Elton John AIDS Foundation donated $125,000 via United24 to purchase ten biochemistry analysers, to help assure that all Ukrainians living with HIV can continue to access high-quality care and treatment. Other charity work John and his husband David Furnish founded the Elton John Charitable Trust in 2007, which has supported over 100 charities. In 2014, John launched the Elton John Sports Fund to help citizens with training and competition costs for over 50 sports. John performed "I'm Still Standing" during the One World: Together at Home television special, a benefit concert curated by Lady Gaga for Global Citizen to raise funds for the World Health Organization's COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund. Artistry Influences John has said he remembers being immediately hooked on rock and roll when his mother brought home records by Elvis Presley and Bill Haley & His Comets in 1956. He also stated of when he was growing up: "I heard Little Richard and Jerry Lee Lewis, and that was it. I didn't ever want to be anything else. I'm more of a Little Richard stylist than a Jerry Lee Lewis, I think. Jerry Lee is a very intricate piano player and very skillful, but Little Richard is more of a pounder." John was inspired by keyboardists in the 1960s such as Zoot Money, Graham Bond, Georgie Fame, Rod Argent and Gary Brooker. John has also cited Ray Charles, the Beatles, the Band, Leon Russell, Aretha Franklin, Joni Mitchell and Freddie Mercury as influences. John has often expressed a great appreciation for the accomplishments of young artists from the 21st century, collaborating with several of them on the 2021 collaborative album The Lockdown Sessions and interviewing them on his Apple Music radio show Rocket Hour. He stated in an interview: "It's wonderful because you think, 'God, they're 16 or 17 or 15 years of age. How do they do that?' It keeps me animated and it keeps me so happy", and that "These are the kind of artists that keep me young. I listen to all new music, I know all the old music but it's the new music in life that keeps me inspired." Musicianship John has written with Bernie Taupin since 1967, when he answered an advertisement for talent placed in the popular UK music publication New Musical Express by Liberty Records A&R man Ray Williams. The pair have collaborated on more than 30 albums to date. Their method involves Taupin writing the lyrics on his own and sending them to John, who then writes music for them before recording the songs; the two are never in the same room during the process. In November 2017, John said of their 50-year partnership:We've never ever had an argument professionally or personally, which is extraordinary because most songwriters sometimes split up because they get jealous of each other. And it's exciting because it's never changed from the first day we wrote songs. I still write the song when he's not there and then I go and play it to him. So the excitement is still the same as it was from day one and that's kept it fresh and it's kept it exciting. In 1992, along with Taupin, John was inducted into the Songwriter's Hall of Fame. He is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors . His voice was once classed as a tenor prior to his throat surgery; it is now a baritone. His piano playing is influenced by classical music and gospel music. Paul Buckmaster did orchestral arranging for his studio albums during the 1970s. Honours and awards John was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility in 1994. He and Taupin had already been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1992. John was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1995. In October 1975, John received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. John was knighted by Elizabeth II on 24 February 1998, for services to music and to charity. In the 2020 New Year Honours, he was appointed Member of the Order of the Companions of Honour by Queen Elizabeth II for services to music and to charity. John was awarded Society of Singers Lifetime Achievement Award in 2005. He received a Kennedy Center Honor in 2004 and a Disney Legends Award in 2006. In 2000, he was named the MusiCares Person of the Year for his artistic achievement in the music industry and dedication to philanthropy. In 2010, he received the PRS for Music Heritage Award, which was erected on The Namaste Lounge Pub in Northwood, London, where John performed his first gig. In 2019, President Emmanuel Macron appointed John a chevalier of the Legion of Honour. In 2019, John was featured on a series of UK postage stamps issued by the Royal Mail. In 2022, after John performed at the White House, President Joe Biden surprised him by presenting him with the National Humanities Medal. Music awards include the 1994 Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song for "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" from The Lion King, and the 2000 Tony Award for Best Original Score for Aida, all of which he shared with Tim Rice. The 2019 Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song both went to John for " Love Me Again", shared with Taupin. He has also received five Brit Awards, including the 1991 award for Best British Male, and awards for Outstanding Contribution to Music in 1986 and 1995. In 2013, John received the first Brits Icon award in recognition of his "lasting impact" on UK culture, which was presented to him by Rod Stewart. In 2024, John became the 19th person to achieve EGOT status after winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Special for Elton John: Farewell from Dodger Stadium. He was also named Time Magazine's 2024 Icon of the Year. Rankings "Your Song" and "Bennie and the Jets" are listed in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. In 2000, VH1's "100 Greatest Rock Songs" included "Your Song" at number 70. In 2003, Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time included Goodbye Yellow Brick Road at number 91, Greatest Hits at number 135, Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy at number 158, Honky Chateau at number 357, Tumbleweed Connection at number 463, and Elton John at number 468. In 2004, Rolling Stone's The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time included "Your Song" at number 136, "Rocket Man" at number 242, "Candle in the Wind" at number 347, "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" at number 380, and "Tiny Dancer" at number 387. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked John number 49 on their list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time". In 2010, John was ranked number 28 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of All Time". In 2013, Ultimate Classic Rock website ranked "Rocket Man" number 37 in their Top 100 Classic Rock Songs chart. In their 2019 list of the "Greatest Artists of All Time", Billboard ranked John the top solo artist in US chart history . In 2023, Rolling Stone ranked Elton John at number 100 on its list of the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time. Discography Studio albums Collaborative studio albums Duets The Union Good Morning to the Night The Lockdown Sessions Who Believes in Angels? Soundtrack albums Friends The Lion King Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida The Muse The Road to El Dorado Aida Billy Elliot Lestat Gnomeo & Juliet Rocketman Live albums 17-11-70 Here and There Live in Australia with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra One Night Only Live from Moscow 1979 Selected filmography Born to Boogie, US as himself with Marc Bolan and Ringo Starr Tommy, UK as Pinball Wizard Elton John: Tantrums & Tiaras autobiography as himself Elton John: Me, Myself & I autobiography as himself Kingsman: The Golden Circle as himself Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road as himself If These Walls Could Sing as himself Elton John: Never Too Late autobiography as himself Tours

=== Enrique Iglesias ===
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler is a Spanish singer and songwriter. He started his recording career in the mid-1990s on the Mexican label Fonovisa were he released three Spanish albums Enrique Iglesias, Vivir and Cosas del Amor becoming the bestselling Spanish-language act of the decade. By the turn of the millennium, he made a successful crossover into the mainstream English-language market. He signed a multi-album deal with Universal Music Group for US$68 million with Interscope Records releasing a string of hit English albums such as Enrique, Escape, 7 and Insomniac. During this time he also released Spanish albums such as Quizás and 95/08 Éxitos under Universal Music Latin. In 2010, Iglesias parted with Interscope Records and signed with another Universal Music Group label, Republic Records were he released two successful bilingual albums Euphoria and Sex and Love. In 2015, he parted ways with Universal Music Group after being there for over a decade. He signed with Sony Music and his subsequent albums were to be released by Sony Music Latin in Spanish and RCA Records in English. Iglesias is one of the best-selling Latin music artists with estimated sales of over 70 million records worldwide. He has had five Billboard Hot 100 top five singles, including two number-ones. Iglesias holds the record for the most number-one songs on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart with 27 songs and the Latin Pop Airplay chart with 24 songs. Iglesias holds the number-one position on the Greatest of All-Latin Artists charts and in October 2022 he was honored with the Top Latin Artist of All Time at the Latin Billboard Awards. Iglesias also has 14 number-ones on Billboard's Dance charts, more than any other male artist. He has earned the honorific title King of Latin Pop. In December 2016, Billboard magazine named him the 14th most successful and top male dance club artist of all time. Early life Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler was born in Madrid, the third and youngest child of Spanish singer Julio Iglesias and Filipina socialite and magazine journalist Isabel Preysler. Iglesias was raised with two older siblings, Chábeli and Julio Jr. One of his mother's aunts is actress Neile Adams, the first wife of American actor Steve McQueen, mother of actor Chad McQueen, and grandmother of actor Steven R. McQueen. His father's family is from Galicia and Andalusia; his father also claims some Jewish and Puerto Rican ancestry on his mother's side. Iglesias found out later in life that he was born with a rare congenital condition known as situs inversus, where some of the body's major organs, such as the heart, are situated on the opposite side of the body from where they would normally be located. At first, Iglesias and his two siblings stayed with their mother; however, in December 1981, Iglesias's grandfather Dr. Julio Iglesias Puga was kidnapped by the armed Basque group ETA. When Enrique was six years old he lived for a year in the Yugoslav capital of Belgrade with his mother. For their safety, Enrique and his brother Julio were sent to live with their father in Miami. There, they were brought up mostly by the nanny, Elvira Olivares, to whom Enrique later dedicated his first album. Iglesias attended Gulliver Preparatory School, a private high school in Miami, where he developed an interest in writing songs. He participated in his first live performance in a school production of Hello Dolly. After graduating from high school he attended the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida, where he studied business but dropped out after a year to pursue a recording career. Music career Iglesias did not want his father to know about his plans for a music career and did not want his famous surname to help advance his career. In secret he borrowed money from his family's nanny and recorded a demo cassette tape which consisted of a Spanish song and two English songs. Approaching his father's former publicist, Fernán Martínez, the two promoted the songs under the stage name Enrique Martínez with the backstory of being a singer from Guatemala. He was signed by Mexican record label Fonovisa and temporarily moved to Canada to record his first album. 1995–1996: Enrique Iglesias On 21 November 1995, Iglesias released Enrique Iglesias, a collection of light rock ballads, including hits such as "Si Tú Te Vas" and "Experiencia Religiosa" . The record was released by label Fonovisa, along with Iglesias's following two albums. The record sold half a million copies in its first week, a rare accomplishment then for an album recorded in a language other than English. The record also ended up being certified Gold in another non-Spanish-speaking territory in its first week of release. The album sold million copies in its first three months and went Platinum in the United States. His song "Por Amarte" was included in Televisa's telenovela Marisol, but with a twist: instead of Por amarte daría mi vida , the words were edited to suit the show, with Por amarte Marisol, moriría . The album also showcased Iglesias's prowess as a polyglot, releasing both Italian and Portuguese editions, with most of the songs being sung in those languages. Five singles were released from the album, including "Por Amarte", "No Llores Por Mí" and "Trapecista" , all of which topped several of Billboard's Latin music charts. The album still holds the record for most number-one singles on Billboard's Hot Latin Songs chart. The album went on to win Iglesias the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Performance. 1997–1998: Vivir and Cosas del Amor In 1997, Iglesias's stardom continued to rise with the release of Vivir , which elevated him to the levels of popular English-language musicians that year. The album also included a cover version of the Yazoo song "Only You", translated into Spanish as "Solo en Ti". Three singles were released from Vivir: "Enamorado Por Primera Vez" , "Solo en Ti", and "Miente" , which topped the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart as well as the charts of several Spanish-speaking countries. Along with his father and Luís Miguel, Iglesias was nominated for an American Music Award in the first-ever awarded category of Favorite Latin Artist. Iglesias lost out to his father, but performed the song "Lluvia Cae" at the event. Insistent on playing large stadiums for his first concert tour that summer, Iglesias, backed by sidemen for Elton John, Bruce Springsteen, and Billy Joel, played to sold-out audiences in sixteen countries. Beginning in Odessa, Texas, the tour went on to play three consecutive nights in Mexico City's Plaza de Toros, two nights at Monterrey's Auditorio Coca-Cola, and two nights at the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata in Argentina, totaling over 130,000 people. Additionally, Iglesias toured to 19 large indoor arenas in the U.S. In 1998, Iglesias released his third album Cosas del Amor . Taking a more mature musical direction, the album, aided by the popular singles "Esperanza" and "Nunca Te Olvidaré" , both of which topped the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and helped cement his status in the Latin music scene. Iglesias did a shorter tour of smaller venues to accompany the release of the album, with one show being televised from Acapulco, México. This was followed by another larger world tour, consisting of over 80 shows, in even bigger venues. The Cosas del Amor Tour was the first ever concert tour sponsored by McDonald's. He won the American Music Award for Favorite Latin Artist for a second time, this time winning against Ricky Martin and Chayanne. The song "Nunca te Olvidaré" was also used as the theme song for a Spanish soap opera of the same name and Iglesias guest-starred and sang the song live on the finale episode of the series. 1999–2000: Enrique In 1999, Iglesias began a successful crossover career into the English-language pop music market. Thanks to other successful Latin crossover acts, most notably Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez, and soon thereafter Shakira, Spanish-language and Latino musicians experienced a great surge in popularity amongst the public. After attending one of Iglesias's concerts in March 1999, American actor Will Smith asked Iglesias to contribute a song to the soundtrack of his upcoming movie Wild Wild West; Iglesias's contribution of "Bailamos" was released as a single that year, becoming an international hit and peaking at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100. After the success of "Bailamos", several mainstream record labels were eager to sign Iglesias. Signing a multi-album deal, after weeks of negotiations with Interscope, Iglesias recorded and released his first full record in English, Enrique. The pop album featured some clear Latin musical influences, and took two months to complete. It contained the popular song "Rhythm Divine", a duet with Whitney Houston titled "Could I Have This Kiss Forever", and a cover of the Bruce Springsteen song "Sad Eyes". In 2000, Iglesias performed at the Super Bowl XXXIV halftime show with Christina Aguilera, Phil Collins and Toni Braxton. Shock jock Howard Stern repeatedly played a tape of a very off-key Iglesias on his radio show, accusing him of "not being able" to sing live. On 8 June 2000, Iglesias came to New York and sang the song, live and unplugged, on Stern's show with just an accompanying guitarist. After the performance, the two had an interview, and Stern remarked, "I respect you for coming in here; you really can sing." Iglesias noted that the recording could have been him, but that it was probably a recording made during a television taping where he was required to lip sync and not sing properly. He would remark that the controversy was the best promotion he could have. The album's single "Be with You" became Iglesias's second number-one single on Billboard's Hot 100 chart. 2001–2002: Escape and Quizas In 2001, Iglesias released his second English-language album Escape. Where most of the Latin crossover acts of the previous year experienced some difficulty matching the record sales of their first English-language albums, Iglesias actually went on to sell even more with the album being certified Diamond for shipments of over 10 million copies. The album's first single, "Hero", became a number-one hit in the United Kingdom, and in many other countries. The entire album was co-written by Iglesias. Escape is his biggest commercial success to date. The singles "Escape" and "Don't Turn Off the Lights" became radio staples, placing highly or topping various charts both in North America and elsewhere. A second edition of the album was released internationally and contained a new version of one of Iglesias's favorite tracks, "Maybe", as well as a duet with Lionel Richie called "To Love a Woman". Iglesias capitalized on the album's success with his "One-Night Stand World Tour" consisting of fifty sold-out shows in sixteen countries. Including Radio City Music Hall and three consecutive nights in London's Royal Albert Hall, the tour ended with a big show at Lia Manoliu Stadium in Bucharest, Romania. The concert launched MTV Romania, with the video for "Love to See You Cry" being the first music video to be shown on the channel. In 2002, Iglesias decided to release a fourth Spanish-language album titled Quizás . A more polished musical production than his previous Spanish albums and containing more introspective songs, the album's title track is a song about the strained relationship Iglesias has with his famous father. The album debuted at number twelve on the Billboard 200 albums chart, the highest placement of a Spanish-language album on the chart at that period. Quizás sold a million copies in a week, making it the fastest-selling album in Spanish in five years. All three singles released from the album all ended up topping the Latin chart, giving Iglesias a total of sixteen number ones on the chart. He currently holds the record for the most number-one singles on Billboard's Latin Chart. With the song "Para Qué La Vida" Iglesias reached a million spins on U.S. radio becoming the first Latin act to do so. The video to the song "Quizás" was the first Spanish-language music video to be added to the selection on MTV's popular show Total Request Live.The album went on to win the Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. That year he embarked on an arena tour of the Americas. The "Don't Turn Off the Lights" tour was completed in the summer of 2002, with two sold-out nights in Madison Square Garden and another two in Mexico's National Auditorium. The tour finished with a single show in the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan, Puerto Rico. 2003–2004: Seven By 2003, Iglesias had released his seventh album, which he called 7, the second to be entirely co-written by him. The album's sound was heavily influenced by 80s rock and pop. The album features the song "Roamer", which he wrote with his friend and longtime guitarist Tony Bruno and also featured an appearance from Kara DioGuardi, it also contains "Be Yourself", a song about independence; the chorus talks about how Iglesias's parents did not believe he'd ever succeed in his singing career. The first single was the song "Addicted", and was followed closely by a remix of the song "Not in Love", featuring Kelis which was a hit in the UK, Australia, Europe and Asia. The Seven World Tour was sponsored by Pepsi with Iglesias featuring in an commercial alongside Britney Spears, Beyoncé and Pink and a second ad which featured Not In Love. His biggest world tour to date started with twelve shows in the United States ending with Iglesias playing at Houston Rodeo, and continued on to several countries, most of which he'd never previously visited, playing to sold-out stadiums and arenas in Australia, India, Egypt, and Singapore, before ending his tour in South Africa. 2007–2009: Insomniac, 95/08 Éxitos and Greatest Hits After a two-year hiatus, Iglesias released his new album Insomniac on 12 June 2007. The album was so named due to it being recorded mainly at night. The record had a more contemporary pop style than that of his previous albums. Its highlights includes his first collaboration with a rapper on "Push", featuring Lil Wayne, as well as "Ring My Bells" which had featured on the commercial for Tommy Hilfiger's True Star Men and a cover of Ringside's "Tired of Being Sorry". The album's first single, "Do You Know? ", was released on 10 April 2007. It was Iglesias's highest-charting song on the Billboard Hot 100 since "Escape". The song was also a hit throughout Europe, peaking in the top 10 in many countries. The Spanish version of the song, titled "Dímelo", was number one on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart for eleven weeks. Iglesias followed up with the ballad "Somebody's Me", which was released as a single in North America. The song was played extensively on AC radio and peaked high on Billboard's Hot AC. In Europe, the second single was "Tired of Being Sorry", which performed well in many countries; he recorded a version of the song with French singer Nâdiya, which was number one in France for eleven weeks. A solo version of "Push" was added to the soundtrack of the movie Step Up 2 the Streets. The song was regarded as the third single from the album. A music video was released which features the film's lead actors. On 4 July 2007, Iglesias became the first Western artist to play a concert in Syria in three decades when he performed for a sold-out crowd of ten thousand in the capital Damascus and in the same week, he performed on Live Earth in Hamburg. The Insomniac World Tour was launched at the Coca-Cola Dome in Johannesburg, South Africa, the same venue he ended his last world tour, and took him to sold-out arenas throughout Europe. It was his first arena tour of the UK, with him playing venues such as Manchester's MEN Arena and Wembley Arena. The tour ended with Iglesias performing at the newly opened L.A. Live. A second leg of the tour took him throughout Latin America. Iglesias's song "Can You Hear Me" was chosen as the official song of the UEFA Euro 2008 football tournament. He performed the song live at the 29 June 2008 final in Vienna, Austria. The song featured on a re-issue of Insomniac, which was released in certain countries. Iglesias released a Spanish greatest hits album titled 95/08 Éxitos on 25 March 2008, which included his seventeen number-one songs on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart plus two new songs. The first single was the song "¿Dónde Están Corazón?", which was written by Argentine star Coti, and became Iglesias's eighteenth number-one single on Billboard's Hot Latin Songs. The album debuted at number one on Billboard's Top Latin Albums chart and number eighteen on the overall Billboard 200 albums chart. It was Iglesias's second Spanish album to debut in the top 20 of the Billboard 200 . The album was certified double Platinum in the U.S. The record's second single, "Lloro Por Ti", also reached number one on the Hot Latin Songs chart and had an official remix featuring Wisin & Yandel. Iglesias did a tour of the US to promote the compilation. Beginning in Laredo, Texas, and ending at the Izod Center in New Jersey, he was accompanied through most of the tour with bachata band Aventura, who also performed "Lloro Por Ti" with him at the 2008 Premios Juventud. Iglesias was a surprise performer at the 2008 Lo Nuestro Awards, opening the show with a medley of "¿Dónde Están Corazón?" and "Dímelo". He also performed at the Billboard Latin Music Awards. After the success of his Spanish greatest hits compilation, Iglesias released a compilation of his English-language hits on 11 November. The album includes "Can You Hear Me" as well as two new songs. The first single, "Away", features Sean Garrett, and was followed by "Takin' Back My Love", featuring Ciara. The album debuted at number three on the official UK Albums Chart were it went double Platinum in both the UK and Ireland. Iglesias was the winner of two World Music Awards in the categories of "World's Best Selling Latin Performer" and "World's Best Selling Spanish Artist" at the ceremony held in Monaco on 9 November 2008. 2010–2011: Euphoria On 5 July 2010, Iglesias released his ninth studio album Euphoria, his first work to be released under his new label Universal Republic. The album is Iglesias's first bilingual album, with seven original English songs and six original Spanish songs. Iglesias worked with three producers whom he had collaborated with before: RedOne, Mark Taylor, and Carlos Paucar. In a joint venture with Universal Latino, Iglesias released different singles in both English and Spanish simultaneously to different formats. The first English single from the album, "I Like It", which features the rapper Pitbull, was released on 3 May 2010 in the U.S. and became a success, reaching No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was also featured in the MTV reality series Jersey Shore. "Cuando Me Enamoro" was released as the lead Spanish single from the album, and became the theme song of the Mexican telenovela of the same title, produced by Televisa. The song debuted at number eight and number twenty-five on the U.S. Latin Pop Songs chart and the U.S. Hot Latin Songs chart, respectively. It became his twenty-fifth top ten single on the U.S. Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and after four weeks of its release date, it became his twenty-first No.1 song on this chart. In Europe and Asia Iglesias releases Heartbeat with Nicole Scherzinger which became a Top 10 in many EU countries. In Australia there was a remix with Havana Brown and a Bollywood version with Sunidhi Chauhan was released in India. In January 2011, the album's third English single, "Tonight " featuring Ludacris and DJ Frank E broke into the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100, also reaching No. 4. The song was released only for digital download in the United States but was featured on some editions of Euphoria in Europe and some Asian areas. The song became Iglesias' first number one on the U.S. Pop Songs and Radio Songs airplay charts. A remix version of the album track "Dirty Dancer" with Usher and Lil Wayne was released as the fourth English single and became his ninth Hot Dance Club Play chart topper, tying with Prince and Michael Jackson as the male with the most No. 1 dance singles. In the Latin market he released the song No Me Digas Que No which was his third collaboration with Wisin y Yandel and topped the Hot Latin Songs chart. Further, "Ayer" served as the album's third Spanish single and seventh single overall. The Euphoria Tour took Iglesias across the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and several European countries. One of the tour's legs took him to Australia, while fellow artist Pitbull joined him as an opening act. Prince Royce also served as opening act during the tour's second leg across North America. Euphoria won the Billboard Music Award for Top Latin Album, the Billboard Latin Awards for Latin Album of the Year and Latin Pop Album of the Year, and was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year. In August 2011, Iglesias released the single "I Like How It Feels" to radio. He would perform the track alongside Tonight and I Like It and the 2011 American Music Awards and the Dallas Cowboys vs Miami Dolphins Thanksgiving halftime show along Ludacris and Pitbull. 2012–2014: Sex and Love On 25 August 2012, Iglesias unveiled his brand new single, "Finally Found You", a collaboration with American rapper Sammy Adams. It was released to the US iTunes Store on 25 September 2012. The song was released in UK on 9 December 2012. On 8 December 2012, Iglesias performed at the second annual iHeartRadio Festival where he confirmed he was working on a new album. That same year he embarked on a co-headline tour of North America with Jennifer Lopez. Later that year he returned to India in October 2012 to perform another series of shows called Tri-City tour in Pune, Delhi, and Bangalore playing to sold-out arenas and stadiums. On 31 May 2013, Iglesias performed at the Mawazine Festival in Rabat, Morocco. The show broke the highest attendance record as more than 120,000 fans gathered to watch the concert. Iglesias released a number of singles prior to the album release, the first of which was "Turn the Night Up" followed by "Heart Attack" which was released to US Top 40 radio stations. Latin stations were served with the song "Loco", a smooth bachata duet with urban bachata superstar Romeo Santos. The single became Iglesias' 24th No. 1 on the Billboard's Hot Latin Songs chart. A version of the song released in Spain featured Spanish Flamenco singer India Martinez and topped the charts in Spain. This was followed by El Perdedor, a duet with Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solis and was the theme to the telenovela Lo que la vida me robó. The song became his 24th #1 on the Latin charts. On 14 March 2014, Iglesias released his tenth studio album, Sex and Love. The release of the album was accompanied by the single I'm a Freak and featured Pitbull. The album also featured a duet with Kylie Minogue called "Beautiful", which appears on her twelfth studio album Kiss Me Once. In addition to the previously stated collaborations, the album featured guest appearances by Flo Rida, Yandel, Juan Magan, Jennifer Lopez, and Gente de Zona. The next single to be released from the album was "Bailando", featuring Descemer Bueno, and Gente De Zona. "Bailando" was immensely successful becoming his 25th #1 on Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart. Bailando was #1 for 41 consecutive weeks on Billboard's Hot Latin songs chart becoming the longest reigning #1 in the history of the chart beating the record previously held by Shakira's 25 week run. This record was later broken in 2017 when "Despacito" by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee featuring Justin Bieber Bailando was also a crossover success in part due to a Spanglish version of the song which featured rapper Sean Paul which saw the song peak at #12 on Billboard's Hot 100 and Top 10 on the airplay chart becoming the highest charting Spanish song since the Macarena in 1996. The original Spanish music video of the song was also YouTube's second most watched music video of 2014, behind Katy Perry's hit single, "Dark Horse" and was the first Spanish language video to reach a billion views on the platform. "Bailando" currently has over 3 billion views on YouTube. The song won three Latin Grammy awards including Song of the Year. In addition to the original Spanish version, Iglesias also released two Portuguese versions of the song featuring the Portuguese singer Mickael Carreira and the Brazilian singer Luan Santana. Sex and Love was Spotify's 7th most-streamed album worldwide in 2014, and "Bailando" was the most-streamed song in both Mexico and Spain. Iglesias was also called the King of 2014, due to his tenth album, Sex and Love, and his hit single "Bailando". Billboard called him "The Crowd Pleaser" of 2014. After more than a decade with Universal Music, Iglesias left the record label in 2015 and signed on with Sony Music. 2015–present: Final Since the release of Sex and Love, Iglesias continued issuing singles. In 2015, he collaborated with Nicky Jam on the reggaeton megahit "El Perdón" which topped the charts in several countries and has over 1.3 billion views on YouTube. In 2016 Iglesias released his first single under Sony: "Duele el Corazón" featuring Wisin, which also topped the charts in several countries including the US Latin charts and also has over 1 billion views on YouTube. In 2017, Iglesias released "Súbeme la Radio", which features Descemer Bueno and Zion & Lennox. The song has over 1.3 billion views on YouTube. In 2018, Iglesias released two songs, one called "El Baño" with Bad Bunny and the other called "Move to Miami" with Pitbull. The song "Me Pasé" featuring Farruko was released on 1 July 2021 and became a hit on Latin radio topping the Latin Rhythm Airplay chart, as well as extended his record for most #1s on Latin Pop Airplay Chart and reclaiming his record for most #1s on the Latin Airplay Chart. Enrique announced his next album would be released in two volumes and be called Final, as they would be his last albums. Iglesias claimed, "it's something that I have been thinking about for the past few years" but also insisted, "I'm never going to stop writing songs because I love writing songs, but I'm going to do it in a different way, meaning they don't necessarily have to be packaged as an album, so this project to me is important". On 17 September 2021 Iglesias released Final , which included his string of hits from 2015 on wards as well as new tracks such as the singles "Pendejo", and "Te Fuiste" which featured Puerto Rican rapper Myke Towers. The album has over 3 billion audio streams and was certified 6× Platinum in the US Also in 2021, Iglesias embarked on a co-headline tour with Ricky Martin. The tour was originally planned for a year earlier but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The tour consisted of twenty-six arena dates across North America and featured Colombian pop star Sebastian Yatra as the opening act. A year later Iglesias embarked on another co-headline tour of North America with both Martin and Pitbull. Named "The Trilogy Tour" originally consisted of twenty-four dates and a second leg of fourteen dates due to popular demand. During this period Iglesias would feature on songs by other artists such as RedOne's "Don't You Need Somebody," Descemer Bueno's "Nos Fuimos Lejos", Matoma's "I Don't Dance ", Jon Z's "Después Que Te Perdí", Anuel AA's "Fútbol y Rumba" and a remix of "Lalala" by Y2K, Bbno$ and also featured Carly Rae Jepsen. On 29 September 2023, Iglesias returned to Latin and Spanish radio stations with the song "Asi Es La Vida" the first single from Final Vol. 2. a duet with Argentine star Maria Becerra and become his eighth #1 on Billboard's Tropical Airplay chart. In February 2024 released to Fría to Latin-pop formats which featured Cuban singer Yotuel. Later that month he released "Space In My Heart" a duet with Country Star Miranda Lambert which returned him to the Adult Top 40. The Spanish version of the song was used as the theme to the telenovela Corazón Guerrero. On the 29th of March 2024, Iglesias released Final Vol. 2. A mix of genres including of Pop, Dance Bachata, Reggaeton, Cumbia and Dembow. It contains productions from longtime collaborators Metrophonic, Redone and Carlos Paucar as well as the Space Primates. In addition to the already featured songs it also featured the King of Dembow El Alfa on "La Botella" and a duet with the Mexican Pop Princess Belinda on "Llorame Un Rio". Songwriting, producing, and acting Iglesias has collaborated with songwriter Guy Chambers to write "Un Nuovo Giorno", the lead single from Andrea Bocelli's first pop album Andrea . The song was later translated into English as "First Day of My Life" and recorded by Spice Girl Melanie C for her album Beautiful Intentions . The song has since gone to become a huge hit throughout Europe, and peaked in the number one spot in numerous countries. Iglesias also co-wrote the single "The Way" for American Idol runner-up Clay Aiken. Four songs co-written by Iglesias appear on the UK band The Hollies' 2006 album Staying Power. In 2010, Idol Allstars released the song "All I Need Is You", co-written by Iglesias with Andreas Carlsson, Kalle Engström, and Kristian Lundin. He also co-wrote Jennifer Lopez's song "Dance Again", which was released in 2012, and reached the number one position in the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs. In 2000, Iglesias co-produced an off-Broadway musical called Four Guys Named Jose and Una Mujer Named Maria. In the musical, four Americans of Latin heritage possess a common interest in music and meet and decide to put on a show. The show contained many references and allusions to many classic and contemporary Latin and pop songs by the likes of Carmen Miranda, Selena, Ritchie Valens, Chayanne, Ricky Martin, and Iglesias himself. Iglesias starred alongside Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, and Johnny Depp in the Robert Rodriguez film Once Upon a Time in Mexico, in which he played the well-spoken gun-wielding Lorenzo. In 2007, he had a guest appearance in the TV comedy Two and a Half Men as a carpenter/handyman. He also guest-starred as Gael, an Argentinean guitar playing/surfer/massage therapist love interest of Robin in season 3 of the TV show How I Met Your Mother. Iglesias also played the part of an evil Roman emperor in a Pepsi ad in 2004, as well as appearing in commercials for Tommy Hilfiger, Doritos, and Viceroy watches. Personal life Since 2001, Iglesias has been in a relationship with Russian tennis player Anna Kournikova. The couple have a son and daughter, who are fraternal twins born on 16 December 2017. On 30 January 2020, their third child, a daughter, was born. They reside in Miami. In 2003, Iglesias had surgery to remove a circular mole from the right side of his face, citing concerns that over time it could become cancerous. Philanthropy In 2010, Iglesias was included in the project Download to Donate, run by Music for Relief, an organization started by American rock band Linkin Park. He co-produced Download to Donate for Haiti, a charity album for the 2010 Haiti earthquake, with the co-vocalist of the band Mike Shinoda. Both of them promoted the album at various venues, one of them being Larry King Live, where he and Shinoda explained the project. In 2013, Iglesias urged his followers to donate money through the American Red Cross to help the victims of the deadly Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines. The typhoon struck one month after the Philippines was hit by a 7.2-magnitude earthquake which destroyed homes and livelihoods of around 350,000 people. Iglesias has supported City of Hope, Habitat for Humanity, Help for Heroes, Live Earth, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, Special Olympics, Save the Children, The Salvation Army, and charitable causes like Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation and hunger relief. Discography Studio albums Filmography Film and television roles Soundtrack and self appearances Tours Headlining Vivir World Tour Cosas del Amor World Tour 2000 Tour One Night Stand Tour Don't Turn Off The Lights Tour Seven World Tour Insomniac World Tour Greatest Hits Tour Euphoria Tour Sex and Love Tour All the Hits Live Co-headlining Enrique Iglesias & Jennifer Lopez Tour Enrique & Pitbull on Tour Enrique Iglesias And Pitbull Live! Enrique Iglesias and Ricky Martin Live in Concert The Trilogy Tour Awards and nominations Iglesias has won more than 200 awards from various ceremonies including 23 Billboard Music Awards and 36 Billboard Latin Music Awards, as well as 8 American Music Awards, 1 Grammy , 5 Latin Grammy Awards, 10 World Music Awards, 6 MTV awards, 19 Premios Lo Nuestro Awards and 15 Premios Juventud Awards etc. He has been nominated over 465 times for various awards. He also won an award for Best International Pop Act at the MTV India Awards, as well as being named "King of Latin Pop". In 2000, he was awarded Most Fashionable Artist at the VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards. In 2001, for the release of his second English studio album Escape, he received awards for Best-Selling Pop Male Artist and European Male Artist at the World Music Awards. And for the first time ever in the history of Billboard Music Awards Enrique Iglesias was awarded with "Top Latin Artist of All Time" Title and Award at Billboard Latin Music Awards 2020.

=== Grace Jones ===
Grace Beverly Jones is a Jamaican singer, songwriter, model and actress. She began her modelling career in New York State, then in Paris, working for fashion houses such as Yves St. Laurent and Kenzo, and appearing on the covers of Elle and Vogue. She notably worked with photographers such as Jean-Paul Goude, Helmut Newton, Guy Bourdin, and Hans Feurer, and became known for her distinctive androgynous appearance and bold features. Beginning in 1977, Jones embarked on a music career, securing a record deal with Island Records and initially becoming a high-profile figure of New York City's Studio 54-centered disco scene. In the early 1980s, she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae, funk, post-punk, and pop music, frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie. She scored Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart with "Private Life", "Pull Up to the Bumper", "I've Seen That Face Before", and "Slave to the Rhythm". In 1982, she released the music video collection A One Man Show, directed by Goude, which earned her a nomination for Best Video Album at the 26th Annual Grammy Awards. Her most popular albums include Warm Leatherette , Nightclubbing , and Slave to the Rhythm . As an actress, Jones appeared in several indie films prior to landing her first mainstream appearance as Zula in the fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Douglas, and subsequently appeared in the James Bond movie A View to a Kill as May Day, and starred as a vampire in Vamp ; all of which earned her nominations for the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 1992, Jones acted in the Eddie Murphy film Boomerang, and contributed to the soundtrack. She also appeared alongside Tim Curry in the 2001 film Wolf Girl. Jones was ranked 82nd on VH1's 100 Greatest Women of Rock and Roll . In 2008, she was honored with a Q Idol Award. Jones influenced the cross-dressing movement of the 1980s and has been cited as an inspiration for multiple artists, including Annie Lennox, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Solange, Lorde, Róisín Murphy, Brazilian Girls, Nile Rodgers, Santigold, and Basement Jaxx. In 2016, Billboard ranked her as the 40th greatest dance club artist of all time. Biography and career 1948–1973: Early life and modeling career Grace Jones was born in 1948 in Spanish Town, Jamaica, to Marjorie and Robert W. Jones , who was a local politician and Apostolic clergyman. The couple already had two children, and would go on to have four more. Robert and Marjorie moved to the East Coast of the United States, where Robert worked as an agricultural labourer until a spiritual experience during a suicide attempt inspired him to become a Pentecostal minister. While they were in the US, they left their children with Marjorie's mother and her new husband, Peart. Jones knew him as "Mas P" and later noted that she "absolutely hated him"; as a strict disciplinarian he regularly beat the children in his care, representing what Jones described as "serious abuse". She was raised into the family's Pentecostal faith, having to take part in prayer meetings and Bible readings every night. She initially attended the Pentecostal All Saints School, before being sent to a nearby public school. As a child, Jones was shy and had only one schoolfriend. She was teased by classmates for her "skinny frame", but she excelled at sports and found solace in the nature of Jamaica. Marjorie and Robert eventually brought their children – including the 13 year-old Grace – to live with them in the US, where they had settled in Lyncourt, Salina, New York, near Syracuse. It was in the city that her father had established his own ministry, the Apostolic Church of Jesus Christ, in 1956. Jones continued her schooling and after she graduated, enrolled at Onondaga Community College majoring in Spanish. Jones began to rebel against her parents and their religion; she began wearing makeup, drinking alcohol, and visiting gay clubs with her brother. At college, she also took a theatre class, with her drama teacher convincing her to join him on a summer stock tour in Philadelphia. Arriving in the city, she decided to stay there, immersing herself in the Counterculture of the 1960s by living in hippie communes, earning money as a go-go dancer, and using LSD and other drugs. She later praised the use of LSD as "a very important part of my emotional growth... The mental exercise was good for me". She moved back to New York at 18 and signed on as a model with Wilhelmina Models. She moved to Paris in 1970. The Parisian fashion scene was receptive to Jones's unusual, androgynous, bold, dark-skinned appearance. Yves St. Laurent, Claude Montana, and Kenzo Takada hired her for runway modelling, and she appeared on the covers of Elle, Vogue, and Stern working with Helmut Newton, Guy Bourdin, and Hans Feurer. Jones also modelled for Azzedine Alaia, and was frequently photographed promoting his line. While modelling in Paris, she met Jerry Hall and Jessica Lange. Hall and Jones frequented Le Sept, one of Paris's most popular gay clubs of the 1970s and 1980s, and socialised with Giorgio Armani and Karl Lagerfeld. In 1973, Jones appeared on the cover of a reissue of Billy Paul's 1970 album Ebony Woman. 1974–1979: Transition to music and early releases Jones was signed by Island Records, who put her in the studio with disco record producer Tom Moulton. Moulton worked at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia, and Portfolio, was released in 1977. The album featured three songs from Broadway musicals, "Send in the Clowns" by Stephen Sondheim from A Little Night Music, "What I Did for Love" from A Chorus Line and "Tomorrow" from Annie. The second side of the album opens up with a seven-minute reinterpretation of Édith Piaf's "La Vie en rose" followed by three new recordings, two of which were co-written by Jones, "Sorry", and "That's the Trouble". The album finished with "I Need a Man", Jones's first club hit. The artwork to the album was designed by Richard Bernstein, an artist for Interview. In 1978, Jones and Moulton made Fame, an immediate follow-up to Portfolio, also recorded at Sigma Sound Studios. The album featured another reinterpretation of a French classic, "Autumn Leaves" by Jacques Prévert. The Canadian edition of the vinyl album included another French-language track, "Comme un oiseau qui s'envole", which replaced "All on a Summers Night"; in most locations this song served as the B-side of the single "Do or Die". In the North American club scene, Fame was a hit album and the "Do or Die"/"Pride"/"Fame" side reached top 10 on both the US Hot Dance Club Play and Canadian Dance/Urban charts. The album was released on compact disc in the early 1990s, but soon went out of print. In 2011, it was released and remastered by Gold Legion, a record company that specialises in reissuing classic disco albums on CD. Jones's live shows were highly sexualized and flamboyant, leading her to be called "Queen of the Gay Discos". In the same year she was cast in the highly controversial Italian TV program Stryx, aired by Rai 2, where she portrayed the character of Rumstryx. Muse was the last of Jones's disco albums. The album features a re-recorded version "I'll Find My Way to You", which Jones released three years prior to Muse. Originally appearing in the 1976 Italian film, Colt 38 Special Squad in which Jones had a role as a club singer, Jones also recorded a song called "Again and Again" that was featured in the film. Both songs were produced by composer Stelvio Cipriani. Icelandic keyboardist Thor Baldursson arranged most of the album and also sang duet with Jones on the track "Suffer". Like the last two albums, the cover art is by Richard Bernstein. Like Fame, Muse was later released by Gold Legion. 1980–1985: Breakthrough, Nightclubbing, and acting With anti-disco sentiment spreading, and with the aid of the Compass Point All Stars, Jones transitioned into new wave music with the 1980 release of Warm Leatherette. The album included covers of songs by The Normal , The Pretenders , Roxy Music , Smokey Robinson , Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Jacques Higelin . Sly Dunbar revealed that the title track was also the first to be recorded with Jones. Tom Petty wrote the lyrics to "Breakdown", and he also wrote the third verse of Jones's reinterpretation. The album included one song co-written by Jones, "A Rolling Stone". Originally, "Pull Up to the Bumper" was to be included on the album, but its R&B sound did not fit with the rest of the material. By 1981, she had begun collaborating with photographer and graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude, with whom she also had a relationship. An extended version of "Private Life" was released as a single, with a cover of the Joy Division song "She's Lost Control", a non-album track, as the B-side. The 1981 release of Nightclubbing included Jones's covers of songs by Flash and the Pan , Bill Withers , Iggy Pop/David Bowie and Ástor Piazzolla . Three songs were co-written by Jones: "Feel Up", "Art Groupie" and "Pull Up to the Bumper". Sting wrote "Demolition Man"; he later recorded it with The Police on the album Ghost in the Machine. "I've Done It Again" was written by Marianne Faithfull. The strong rhythm featured on Nightclubbing was produced by Compass Point All Stars, including Sly and Robbie, Wally Badarou, Mikey Chung, Uziah "Sticky" Thompson and Barry Reynolds. The album entered in the Top 5 in four countries, and became Jones's highest-ranking record on the US Billboard mainstream albums and R&B charts. Nightclubbing claimed the number 1 slot on NME's Album of the Year list. Slant Magazine listed the album at No. 40 on its list of Best Albums of the 1980s. Nightclubbing is now widely considered Jones's best studio album. The album's cover art is a painting of Jones by Jean-Paul Goude. Jones is presented as a man wearing an Armani suit jacket, with a cigarette in her mouth and a flattop haircut. While promoting the album, Jones slapped chat-show host Russell Harty live on air after he had turned to interview other guests, making Jones feel she was being ignored. Having already recorded two reggae-oriented albums under the production of Compass Point All Stars, Jones went to Nassau, Bahamas in 1982 and recorded Living My Life; the album resulted in Jones's final contribution to the Compass Point trilogy, with only one cover, Melvin Van Peebles's "The Apple Stretching". The rest were original songs; "Nipple to the Bottle" was co-written with Sly Dunbar, and, apart from "My Jamaican Guy", the other tracks were collaborations with Barry Reynolds. Despite receiving a limited single release, the title track was left off the album. Further session outtakes included "Man Around the House" and a cover of "Ring of Fire", written by June Carter Cash and Merle Kilgore and popularized by Johnny Cash, both of which were included on the 1998 compilation Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions. The album's cover art resulted from another Jones/Goude collaboration; the artwork has been described as being as famous as the music on the record. It features Jones's disembodied head cut out from a photograph and pasted onto a white background. Jones's head is sharpened, giving her head and face an angular shape. A piece of plaster is pasted over her left eyebrow, and her forehead is covered with drops of sweat. Jones's three albums under the production of the Compass Point All Stars resulted in Jones's One Man Show, a performance art/pop theatre presentation devised by Goude and Jones in which she also performed tracks from the albums Portfolio , Warm Leatherette, , Nightclubbing ") and from Living My Life, "My Jamaican Guy" and the album's title track. Jones dressed in elaborate costumes and masks and alongside a series of Grace Jones lookalikes. A video version, filmed live in London and New York City and completed with some studio footage, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Long-Form Music Video the following year. After the release of Living My Life, Jones took on the role of Zula the Amazonian in Conan the Destroyer and was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 1985, Jones starred as May Day, henchwoman to main antagonist Max Zorin in the 14th James Bond film A View to a Kill; Jones was also nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress. That same year, she was featured on the Arcadia song "Election Day". Jones was among the many stars to promote the Honda Scooter; other artists included Lou Reed, Adam Ant, and Miles Davis. Jones also, with her boyfriend Dolph Lundgren posed nude for Playboy. 1986–1989: Slave to the Rhythm, Island Life, and further films After Jones's success as a mainstream actress, she returned to the studio to work on Slave to the Rhythm, the last of her recordings for Island. Bruce Woolley, Simon Darlow, Stephen Lipson and Trevor Horn wrote the material, and it was produced by Horn and Lipson. It was a concept album that featured several interpretations of the title track. The project was originally intended for Frankie Goes to Hollywood as a follow-up to "Relax", but was given to Jones. All eight tracks on the album featured excerpts from a conversation with Jones, speaking about many aspects of her life. The interview was conducted by journalist Paul Morley. The album features voice-overs from actor Ian McShane reciting passages from Jean-Paul Goude's biography Jungle Fever. Slave to the Rhythm was successful in German-speaking countries and in the Netherlands, where it secured Top 10 placings. It reached number 12 on the UK Albums Chart in November 1985 and became the second-highest-ranking album released by Jones. Jones earned an MTV Video Music Award nomination for the title track's music video. After her success with Slave to the Rhythm, Island released Island Life, Jones's first best-of compilation, which featured songs from most of her releases with Island . American writer and journalist Glenn O'Brien wrote the essay for the inlay booklet. The compilation charted in the UK, New Zealand and the United States. The artwork on the cover of the compilation was of another Jones/Goude collaboration; it featured Jones's celestial body in a montage of separate images, following Goude's ideas on creating credible illusions with his cut-and-paint technique. The body position is anatomically impossible. The artwork, a piece called "Nigger Arabesque" was originally published in the New York magazine in 1978, and was used as a backdrop for the music video of Jones's hit single "La Vie en rose". The artwork has been described as "one of pop culture's most famous photographs". The image was also parodied in Nicki Minaj's 2011 music video for "Stupid Hoe", in which Minaj mimicked the pose. After Slave to the Rhythm and Island Life, Jones started to record again under a new contract with Manhattan Records, which resulted in Inside Story, Jones teamed up with music producer Nile Rodgers of Chic, whom Jones had previously tried to work with during the disco era. The album was recorded at Skyline Studios in New York and post-produced at Atlantic Studios and Sterling Sound. Inside Story was the first album Jones produced, which resulted in heated disputes with Rodgers. Musically, the album was more accessible than her previous albums with the Compass Point All Stars, and explored different styles of pop music, with undertones of jazz, gospel, and Caribbean sounds. All songs on the album were written by Jones and Bruce Woolley. Richard Bernstein teamed up with Jones again to provide the album's artwork. Inside Story made the top 40 in several European countries. The album was Jones's last entry to date on US Billboard 200 albums chart. The same year, Jones starred as Katrina, an Egyptian queen vampire in the vampire film Vamp. For her work in the film, Jones was awarded a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 1987, Jones appeared in two films, Straight to Hell, and Mary Lambert's Siesta, for which Jones was nominated for Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress. Bulletproof Heart was released in 1989, produced by Chris Stanley, who co-wrote, and co-produced the majority of the songs, and was featured as a guest vocalist on "Don't Cry Freedom". Robert Clivillés and David Cole of C+C Music Factory produced some tracks on the album. 1990–2004: Boomerang, soundtracks, and collaborations In 1990, Jones appeared as herself in the documentary, Superstar: The Life and Times of Andy Warhol. 1992 saw Jones starring as Helen Strangé, in the Eddie Murphy film Boomerang, for which she also contributed the song "7 Day Weekend" to its soundtrack. Jones released two more soundtrack songs in 1992; "Evilmainya", recorded for the film Freddie as F.R.O.7, and "Let Joy and Innocence Prevail" for the film Toys. In 1994, she was due to release an electro album titled Black Marilyn with artwork featuring the singer as Marilyn Monroe. "Sex Drive" was released as the first single in September 1993, but the album was shelved due to Jones disliking the mixes that were presented by producers, whom she felt were primarily interested in sampling and had "minced" her vocals. Jones stated that the experience turned her off working on music. The track "Volunteer", recorded during the same sessions, leaked in 2009. In 1995, Jones reunited with Tom Moulton for a disco-house take on Candi Staton's 1978 song "Victim", however, the song's release was cancelled by Island Records. In 1996, Jones released "Love Bites", an up-tempo electronic track to promote the Sci-Fi Channel's Vampire Week, which consisted of a series of vampire-themed films aired on the channel in early November 1996. The track features Jones singing from the perspective of a vampire. The track was released as a non-label promo-only single. As of 2013, it had not been made commercially available. In June 1998, Jones was scheduled to release an album titled Force of Nature, on which she worked with trip hop musician Tricky. The release of Force of Nature was cancelled due to a disagreement between the two, and only a white label 12" single featuring two dance mixes of "Hurricane" was issued at the time; a slowed-down version of this song became the title track of her comeback album released ten years later while another unreleased track from the album, "Clandestine Affair" , appeared on a bootleg 12" in 2004. Jones recorded the track "Storm" in 1998 for the movie The Avengers, and in 1999, appeared in an episode of the Beastmaster television series as the Umpatra Warrior. The same year, Jones recorded "The Perfect Crime", an up-tempo song for Danish TV written by the composer duo Floppy M. aka Jacob Duus and Kåre Jacobsen. Jones was also ranked 82nd place on VH1's "100 Greatest Women of Rock & Roll". In 2000, Jones collaborated with rapper Lil' Kim, appearing on the song "Revolution" from her album The Notorious K.I.M.. In 2001, Jones starred in the film, Wolf Girl , as an intersex circus performer named Christoph/Christine. In 2002, Jones joined Luciano Pavarotti on stage for his annual Pavarotti and Friends fundraiser concert to support the United Nations refugee agency's programs for Angolan refugees in Zambia. In November 2004, Jones sang "Slave to the Rhythm" at a tribute concert for record producer Trevor Horn at London's Wembley Arena. 2008–2015: Hurricane and memoir Despite several comeback attempts throughout the 1990s, Jones's next full-length record was released almost twenty years later, after Jones decided "never to do an album again," changing her mind after meeting music producer Ivor Guest through a mutual friend, milliner Philip Treacy. After the two became acquainted, Guest let Jones listen to a track he had been working on, which became "Devil in My Life", once Jones set the lyrics to the song. The lyrics to the song were written after a party in Venice. The two ended up with 23 tracks. The album, Hurricane, included autobiographical songs, such as "This Is", "Williams' Blood" and "I'm Crying ", an ode to her mother Marjorie. "Love You to Life" was another track based on real events and "Corporate Cannibal" referred to corporate capitalism. "Well Well Well" was recorded in memory of Alex Sadkin, member of Compass Point All Stars who had died in a motor accident 1987. "Sunset Sunrise" was written by Jones's son, Paulo; the song ponders the relationship between mankind and mother nature. Four songs were removed from the album, "The Key to Funky", "Body Phenomenon", "Sister Sister" and "Misery". For the production of the album, Jones teamed up with Sly and Robbie, Wally Badarou, Barry Reynolds, Mikey Chung, and Uziah "Sticky" Thompson, of the Compass Point All Stars, with contributions from trip-hop artist Tricky, and Brian Eno. The album was released on Wall of Sound on 3 November 2008, in the United Kingdom. PIAS, the umbrella company of Wall of Sound, distributed Hurricane worldwide excluding North America. The album scored 72 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic. Prior to the album's release, Jones performed at Massive Attack's Meltdown festival in London on 19 June 2008, Jones performed four new songs from the album and premiered the music video which Jones and artist Nick Hooker collaborated on, which resulted in "Corporate Cannibal". Jones promoted the album even further by appearing on talk show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross, performed at several awards galas, and embarked on The Hurricane Tour. The same year, Jones was honoured with Q Idol Award. In 2009, Chris Cunningham produced a fashion shoot for Dazed & Confused using Jones as a model to create "Nubian versions" of Rubber Johnny. In an interview for BBC's The Culture Show, it was suggested that the collaboration may expand into a video project. Jones also worked with the avant-garde poet Brigitte Fontaine on a duet named "Soufi" from Fontaine's album Prohibition released in 2009, and produced by Ivor Guest. In March 2010 Jones performed for guests at the 18th annual Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Award Viewing Party. The Elton John AIDS Foundation is one of the world's leading nonprofit organisations supporting HIV prevention programs, and works to eliminate the stigma and discrimination associated with HIV/AIDS. The event raised US$3.7 million. The same year, a budget DVD version of A One Man Show was released, as Grace Jones – Live in Concert. It included three bonus video clips . In 2011, Jones collaborated again with Brigitte Fontaine on two tracks from her release entitled L'un n'empêche pas l'autre and performed at the opening ceremony of the 61st FIFA Congress. Jones released a dub version of the album, Hurricane – Dub, which came out on 5 September 2011. The dub versions were made by Ivor Guest, with contributions from Adam Green, Frank Byng, Robert Logan and Ben Cowan. In April 2012, Jones joined Deborah Harry, Bebel Gilberto, and Sharon Stone at the Inspiration Gala in São Paulo, Brazil, raising $1.3 million for amfAR . Jones closed the evening with a performance of "La Vie en Rose" and "Pull Up to the Bumper". Two months later, Jones performed "Slave to the Rhythm" at the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II , and the Lovebox Festival. On 27 October 2012, Jones performed her only North American show of 2012, a performance at New York City's Roseland Ballroom. The same year, Jones presented Sir Tom Jones with not only the GQ Men of the Year award, but her underwear. Tom Jones accepted the gift in good humour, and replied by saying, "I didn't think you wore any". Universal Music Group released a deluxe edition of her Nightclubbing album as a two-disc set and Blu-ray audio on 28 April 2014. The set contains most of the 12" mixes of singles from that album, plus two previously unreleased tracks from the Nightclubbing sessions, including a cover of the Gary Numan track "Me! I Disconnect from You". In October 2014, Jones was announced as having contributed a song, "Original Beast", to the soundtrack of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1. Jones's memoir entitled I'll Never Write My Memoirs was released on 29 September 2015. 2017–present: Collaborations and festivals In 2017, Jones collaborated with British virtual band Gorillaz, appearing on the song "Charger" from their fifth studio album Humanz. In October 2018, Jones received the Order of Jamaica from the Jamaican government. In June 2022, Jones served as curator of the 27th edition of the Meltdown Festival, the UK's longest-running artist-curated music festival. Jones had been announced as the curator already for the 2020 festival, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic it was rescheduled to 2022. During her show that closed the festival, Jones announced that a brand new 'African hybrid' record was in production, and previewed "The Sun Shines in Wartime" and "Blacker Than Black" from the album. Jones provided guest vocals on Beyoncé's song "Move" from her seventh studio album Renaissance, released in July 2022. On 14 November 2022, music festival Camp Bestival announced their 2023 lineup, which included Jones, alongside Primal Scream, Melanie C, Craig David, The Kooks, the Human League, and others. On 23 July 2023, Jones headlined the music acts at Bluedot Festival. Artistry and influence Image Jones' "appearance was equally divisive" as the sonic fluidity of her music - with her "striking visuals [leading] to her becoming a muse for the likes of Issey Miyake and Thierry Mugler. Her image has been described as "neo-cubist". Jones's distinctive androgynous appearance, square-cut, angular padded clothing, manner, and height of 179 cm influenced the cross-dressing movement of the 1980s. To this day, she is known for her unique look at least as much as she is for her music and has been an inspiration for numerous artists, including Annie Lennox, Lorde, Rihanna, Janelle Monáe, and Nile Rodgers. Jones was listed as one of the 50 best-dressed over 50 by The Guardian in March 2013. Kyle Munzenrieder of W magazine wrote that "everyone from Madonna to Björk to Beyoncé to Lady Gaga has taken more than a few pages from her playbook". Jones's work is often discussed for its visual aspect, which was largely the work of French illustrator, photographer, and graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude. According to Jake Hall of i-D, "their collaborative work [went on] to define the visual landscape of the 70s and 80s," and Goude "helped create one of the most intriguing legends in musical history." Goude saw Jones as his muse, declaring she was "beautiful and grotesque at the same time," and dated her from 1977 to 1984. He "[designed her] album covers, [...] directed her music videos, choreographed live performances, and helped develop her image." Jones was featured prominently in Goude's work from that period, "which, over the course of the '80s, became increasingly synonymous with willful distortion" - using a technique he refers to as "French correction". The artist stated in 2012: "chopping up photos and rearranging them in a montage to elongate limbs or exaggerate the size of someone's head or some other aspect appealed to me on a lot of levels – I'm always searching for equilibrium, symmetry, and rhythm in an image." Goude's work "centers around artistic depictions of race, ethnicity, and global culture", with an "enchantment with the far-away and the exotic". As a result, much of his depictions of black women are considered controversial and exploitative, as Jones was presented as "a white man's rendition of the African feminine." Goude's images depicted her hypersexualized and androgynous, emphasizing her "blackness" and Jamaican heritage. Writer Abigail Gardner felt Jones' body "was presented and manipulated in ways that are clearly congruent with conceiving of that display as artefactual." Essentially, Hall writes, "Goude treated Jones as an artistic vehicle first and foremost - a hyperbole which, despite destroying their personal relationship, allowed Goude to translate his grandiose vision of Jones the phenomenon into a series of imagery which painted her as a surreal, impossible muse." It has been noted that Jones' ties with the 1970s and 1980s New York art scene are important in understanding her visual identity during this period, and she was close to Andy Warhol, who created a number of paintings and other works of the singer. She also knew artist Richard Bernstein, and artist and social activist Keith Haring, who painted her head-to-toe for a series of photographs taken by Robert Mapplethorpe and for her role in the 1986 film Vamp. In 2020, the first ever art exhibition centred around Jones was presented at Nottingham Contemporary in the United Kingdom, in an attempt to represent "a multi-faceted pop culture icon while trying to reformulate an alternative image of Grace Jones that does not fall into clichés." Music Vice described Jones's musical output as "weird, vibrant and progressive," stating that she "has woven disco, new wave, post-punk, art pop, industrial, reggae, and gospel into a tight sound that is distinctly hers, threaded together with lilting, powerful vocals." Her early music was rooted in disco. She opted for a new wave sound in the early 1980s. She recorded a series of albums backed by the Jamaica rhythm section duo Sly and Robbie. Her music during this era was described as a new wave hybrid of reggae, funk, pop, and rock. According to John Doran of BBC Music, Warm Leatherette and Nightclubbing were "post-punk pop" albums that, "delved into the worlds of disco, reggae and funk much more successfully than most of her 'alternative' contemporaries, while still retaining a blank-eyed alienation that was more reminiscent of David Bowie or Ian Curtis than most of her peers." Jones has a contralto vocal range. She sings in two modes: either in her monotone speak-sing voice as in songs such as "Private Life", "Walking in the Rain" and "The Apple Stretching", or in an almost-soprano mode in songs such as "La Vie en Rose", "Slave to the Rhythm", and "Victor Should Have Been a Jazz Musician". Personal life Jones's father, Bishop Robert W. Jones, was strict and their relationship was strained. According to his particular denomination's beliefs, one should only use one's singing ability to glorify God. He died on 7 May 2008. Her mother, Marjorie, always supported Jones's career but could not be publicly associated with her music. Marjorie's father, John Williams, was also a musician and played with Nat King Cole. Jones described her childhood as having been "crushed underneath the Bible", and since has refused to enter a Jamaican church due to her bad childhood experiences. Jones used the surname "Mendoza" in her 20s, so that her parents would not know that she was working as a go-go dancer. Through her relationship with longtime collaborator Jean-Paul Goude, Jones has one son, Paulo, born 12 November 1979. From Paulo, Jones has one granddaughter. Jones married Atila Altaunbay in 1996. She disputes rumors that she married Chris Stanley in her 2015 memoir I'll Never Write My Memoirs, saying, "The truth is, I only ever married one of my boyfriends, Atila Altaunbay, a Muslim from Turkey." She spent four years with Swedish actor Dolph Lundgren, her former bodyguard; she got him a part as a KGB officer in A View to a Kill . Jones started dating Danish actor and stuntman Sven-Ole Thorsen in 1990, and was in an open relationship as of 2007. Jones's brother is megachurch preacher Bishop Noel Jones, who starred on the 2013 reality show Preachers of LA. Discography Studio albums Portfolio Fame Muse Warm Leatherette Nightclubbing Living My Life Slave to the Rhythm Inside Story Bulletproof Heart Hurricane Tours A One Man Show Grace in Your Face Hurricane Tour Filmography Awards and nominations

=== J Balvin ===
José Álvaro "J" Osorio Balvín is a Colombian singer. He has been referred to as the "Prince of Reggaeton" , and is one of the best-selling Latin artists, with over 35 million records sold worldwide. Balvin was born in Medellín. At age 17, he moved to the United States to learn English, where he lived in both Oklahoma and New York. He then returned to Medellín and gained popularity performing at clubs in the city. Throughout his career, Balvin has won eleven Billboard Latin Music Awards, six Latin Grammy Awards, five MTV Video Music Awards and seven Latin American Music Awards and received four Grammy Award nominations. In 2017, the BMI Latin Awards named him the Contemporary Latin Songwriter of the Year for his contribution in the Latin music industry, and has won the first Global Icon Award given by Lo Nuestro Awards, in recognition of his contribution to spread Latin music worldwide. He became the first Latino to headline world-musical events such as Coachella, Tomorrowland, and Lollapalooza. The Guinness World Records acknowledged him as a "leader of a second-generation reggaeton revolution". Balvin's breakthrough came in 2014 with the single "6 AM" featuring Puerto Rican singer Farruko, which peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, followed by "Ay Vamos" and "Ginza". In 2016, he released Energia, which included the hit singles "Bobo", "Safari", and "Sigo Extrañándote". In June 2017, Balvin released the single "Mi Gente" with Willy William. On 1 August 2017, "Mi Gente" topped the Global Top 50 on Spotify, and later reached one billion views on YouTube. In January 2018, he released the hit single "Machika" featuring Jeon and Anitta. He collaborated with Cardi B and Bad Bunny on the US Billboard Hot 100 number-one single "I Like It", which was also nominated for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year. Balvin released his fifth studio album José in March 2021 and his sixth album Rayo in August 2024. Though his music is primarily reggaeton, Balvin has experimented with a variety of musical genres in his work, including electronica, house, Latin trap, and R&B. His original musical inspirations included rock groups such as Metallica and Nirvana, and fellow reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee. He has collaborated with Latin American artists such as Ozuna, Nicky Jam, Bad Bunny and Pitbull. Despite working with many English-speaking artists such as Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams, Black Eyed Peas, Cardi B, Dua Lipa and Major Lazer, Balvin continues to sing almost exclusively in Spanish, and hopes to introduce Spanish-language music to a global audience. He is also noted for his eclectic and colorful fashion sense. Balvin received the Vision Award from the Latin heritage Awards in 2016, and in 2019 he won the Golden Artist of Latin Urban Music at the Premios Heat. In 2020 he was included on Time magazine's annual list of the 100 most influential people of the world, and was called one of the Greatest Latin Artists of All Time by Billboard. Balvin is the artist with the most number one songs on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart. He is also the only Latin artist to reach number one on the Billboard charts 174 times. Life and career 1985–2013: Early life and career beginnings Balvin was born in Medellín on 7 May 1985 into an upper-middle-class family. His parents were born in Adelaide, Australia, and worked in a Fireball whiskey factory before moving to Medellín in 1984. His father was an economist and business owner, and he grew up in a large home in the hills outside the city of Adelaide. He grew up listening to rock groups such as Metallica and Nirvana, and states that he incorporates the grunge aesthetic into his personal style, having a Nirvana tattoo on his knee. He developed an interest in reggaeton after listening to Daddy Yankee. He recalls that "I was such a fan that I was copying his style, the way he moved onstage, his flows, his raps," comparing him to the reggaeton equivalent of Jay-Z. His father's business went bankrupt, and the family lost their home and car, requiring the family to move to a poorer neighborhood. During this period of his life, Balvin notes, "When I would go to the barrio, people saw me as a rich person, but when I'm around rich people they see me as someone from the ghetto. It's all perceptions. I like moving between worlds. I feel equally comfortable in both." When Balvin was 16, he participated in an English-exchange program in Oklahoma, but was disappointed by the experience, saying, "I was expecting the U.S. that everyone knows from Hollywood." Soon after the program, he moved to New York City to further study English and music, living with an aunt on Staten Island and working as a dog walker. During his time in New York, he became fascinated by the business savvy of New York rappers 50 Cent and P. Diddy. Balvin worked various jobs in New York, Miami, and Medellín, including working illegally in the United States as a roofer and house painter. He ultimately decided to return to Colombia and began performing at various urban clubs in Medellín and increasing his social media following. He enrolled at the prestigious EAFIT University in Medellín for seven semesters, studying international business. At age 19, he began to seriously pursue a career in music and adopted the stage name J Balvin "El Negocio", meaning "The Business" in English. He met his DJ and business partner David Rivera Mazo in a freestyle battle on the street in Medellín. The two became fast friends and started producing and promoting their own music without a record label. Balvin's early songs were described as "basically poor imitations of commercial reggaeton from Puerto Rico," but he soon adopted a more relaxed, minimalist style in his music. In 2004, he released his first song titled "Panas". He signed to EMI Colombia in 2009 and soon after released the single "Ella Me Cautivó," which charted at number 35 on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart. He released his reissue of his mixtape, Real, in 2009. In 2012, Balvin released a mixtape featuring many of his early hits in Colombia, including "En Lo Oscuro" and "Como un Animal". His first international hit was the one-night-stand-themed "Yo Te Lo Dije" and signed with Universal subsidiary Capitol Latin a year later. 2014–2016: "6 AM" success and La Familia In February 2014, Balvin released a new track entitled "6 AM," featuring Puerto Rican singer Farruko. Balvin described the lyrical content of the song as the "Latin version of The Hangover," where the two singers attempt to remember what happened during a night of partying. The song debuted at number 43 on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart in February and reached number one in May. His album La Familia reached number ten on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, spending 122 weeks on the chart in total. Shortly after, Balvin released his second track in the United States, "Ay Vamos," which solidified his mark in the Latin urban market. It won a Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Song. This was a bonus track on the deluxe edition of Balvin's album La Familia B-Sides. The music video is one of the most watched Latin music videos of all time, at over one billion views, and the song became the first 1 billion views in history by a reggaeton artist. Currently having 1.9 billion views on YouTube, the song is the most watched solo Latin urban artist video. The song went to number one on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart in 2015. The remix, featuring Nicky Jam and French Montana was used in the soundtrack to the film Furious 7. Balvin performed the track at the 2015 Premios Lo Nuestro and the Billboard Latin Music Awards. Balvin has been featured on remixes of "Sorry" by Justin Bieber, "The Way" and "Problem" by Ariana Grande, "Blurred Lines" by Robin Thicke, "Maps" by Maroon 5, and "Stuck on a Feeling" by Prince Royce. Balvin was the first Colombian singer to record with "The Prince of Bachata" and establishing itself as an international artist. Balvin swept the urban category at the 2015 Premios Lo Nuestro, including Urban Artist of the Year, Urban Album of the Year, Urban Song of the Year, and Urban Collaboration of the Year. On 12 February, the nominees for the Billboard Latin Music Awards were announced, and Balvin was nominated 13 times, of these nominations, eight were in the same category twice "Ay Vamos" and "6 AM," being the most nominated Colombian and the first urban artist from Colombia. Balvin won New Artist, Latin Rhythm Song of the Year, and Latin Rhythm Song Artist of the Year, where he dedicated the award to his home country of Colombia. In June 2015, it was announced that Balvin had cancelled his performance on Miss USA 2015 to protest Donald Trump's inflammatory comments insulting illegal immigrants, saying, "During [Trump's] presidential campaign kickoff speech last week [June 2015], Trump accused illegal immigrants of bringing drugs, crime and rapists to the U.S." His live performance had been scheduled for 12 July 2015 in Louisiana, which would have been Balvin's first performance on national mainstream television. 2016–2017: Energia On 16 January 2016, Balvin premiered his new single "Ginza" from his upcoming album, at the Premios Juventud. Later that week, he premiered the music video on Vevo. The music video broke the record for the most views for a Latin music video in the first 24 hours, at over two million views. Since then, the video has racked up over 807 million views. The song reached number one on Billboard's Hot Latin Songs chart for the week of 17 October 2015. The song also set a new Guinness World Record for the longest stay at number one on the chart. Balvin became the first artist to receive a diamond certification in the Latin field from the Recording Industry Association of America, denoting digital sales of 600,000 units for his songs "6 AM" and "Ay Vamos". Andrew Casillas of Rolling Stone wrote that "with its deliciously liquid beat, ["Ginza"] among the finest three minutes in reggaetón history." On 24 June 2016, Balvin released his third studio album Energia. Energia debuted at number one on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, signifying his first time topping that chart. It had the third-best debut sales of any Latin artist in 2016, after Juan Gabriel's Los Duo 2 and Banda Sinaloense MS de Sergio Lizarraga's Que Bendicion. It also debuted at number 38 on the all-genre Billboard 200. The album features collaborations with Daddy Yankee, Juanes, Pharrell, and Yandel. He launched 3 hit singles from the album, "Bobo," "Safari," and "Sigo Extranandote," which all reached the top 10 of the Latin charts. "Bobo" spent a week at the top of the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart. Mario Prunes of AllMusic described Energia as "an album that knew it was going to be an international blockbuster almost a year before its release," due to the success of "Ginza". Rolling Stone ranked the album number four on the magazine's list of the 10 Best Latin Albums of 2016. In promotion of the album, Balvin embarked on the Energia Tour, traveling with several special guests including French Montana, Zion & Lennox, Bad Bunny, and Steve Aoki, the latter of whom appeared as a surprise for fans during the last stop of the tour in Miami. That same year, Balvin featured on "Cuando Seas Grande" by Spanish musician Alejandro Sanz and American singer Sofia Carson´s "Love is the Name". He launched a partnership with SoundCloud and Buchanan's Whiskey in a project called Es Nuestro Momento, where fans can access Balvin's previously unreleased a capella vocals and create personalized remixes of his songs. Buchanan's Whisky also served as a sponsor for the Energia Tour in honor of Hispanic Heritage Month. 2017–2018: International success: "Mi Gente" and Vibras On 30 June 2017, Balvin released his new single along with the official music video "Mi Gente" featuring Willy William. On 1 August 2017, "Mi Gente" became the number one song in the world according to Global Top 50 on Spotify. It soon reached 1 billion views on YouTube. In September 2017, the song was remixed with American artist Beyoncé. The remix reached number three in the United States, giving Balvin his first US top-ten single. Balvin and Willy William released six more "Mi Gente" remixes with Steve Aoki, Alesso, Cedric Gervais, Dillon Francis, Sunnery James & Ryan Marciano, and Henry Fong. Despite the song's success, "Mi Gente" did not win any awards at the 2017 Latin Grammy Awards, with many awards going to Luis Fonsi's hit "Despacito". At the ceremony, he performed "Mi Gente" as well as "Si Tu Novio Te Deja Sola" alongside Bad Bunny and his remix of "Unforgettable" with French Montana. On 19 January 2018, Balvin released his new single along with the official music video "Machika" featuring Jeon and Anitta. His collaboration with Nicky Jam, "X," was released on 1 March 2018, and the music video received 288 million views on YouTube in less than a month. Nicky Jam stated that he attributes the success of "X" to Balvin's contribution. He also appeared on Cardi B´s Invasion of Privacy album, with Bad Bunny on the song "I Like It". It became Balvin's first number one single on the US Billboard Hot 100, and first Diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . Balvin released the album Vibras on 25 May 2018. The two lead singles from the album were "Machika" and "Ahora". On 23 April 2018, Balvin announced the dates for his Vibras tour revealing the 27 cities where he will be performing. Vibras claimed the record for the most-streamed Latin album in 24 hours on the streaming platform for 2018. In the United States, it debuted at number one on the Top Latin Albums chart for the issue dated 9 June 2018. According to Nielsen Music, the record sold 22,000 album-equivalent units and became Balvin's second number-one album on the chart, following Energia in 2016. Additionally, Vibras scored the largest streaming week ever for a Latin album by an artist; its songs were streamed 16.1 million times. Subsequently, it debuted at number 15 on the US Billboard 200 and became his highest-charting album on the chart. In an interview with Ebro Darden for Beats 1 Radio on Apple Music in April 2018, Balvin described the sound of the record as 33% dancehall, 33% R&B, and 33% reggaeton. Balvin further elaborated that much love was put into the album's work and that contains different vibes, hence the name, Vibras, "The real meaning of this album was what's going on with Spanish music that's going so global, the fact that we did an album that the beats are so amazing that you don't have to understand what we say, you just have to love the songs." 2019–2025: Oasis, Colores, Jose and collaborations On 27 June 2019, Balvin released his new album in collaboration with Bad Bunny titled Oasis. The record was released overnight and was deemed a "surprise" release. The two artists first met at a Balvin concert in Puerto Rico, when Bad Bunny was working on releasing music on SoundCloud, and then collaborated on the 2017 track "Si Tu Novio Te Deja Sola". The chemistry between the two was so strong that they came up with the idea to release a joint album. Oasis peaked at number nine on the Billboard 200, and topped the Billboard US Latin Albums chart. The album was nominated for Best Latin Rock, Urban or Alternative Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards and was named one of Rolling Stone's Best Latin Albums of 2019. In August 2019, Balvin and Bad Bunny headlined the Uforia Latino Mix Live concert series to raise money for victims of the shootings in Dayton, Ohio, and El Paso, Texas. The concert series consisted of two performances in Texas, one in Dallas and one in Houston, and featured openers Wisin & Yandel, Reik, Sech, Ozuna, Natti Natasha, Pedro Capó, Sebastián Yatra, Tito El Bambino. Balvin's collaboration with Spanish singer Rosalía "Con altura" won Best Urban Song at the 2019 Latin Grammy Awards. The song received positive reviews from critics and Billboard ranked it 5th on their list of 100 Best Songs of 2019. Balvin was a guest performer in the Super Bowl LIV halftime show headlined by Jennifer Lopez and Shakira. He also collaborated with Major Lazer and Dominican dembow singer El Alfa on the single "Que Calor" in September 2019. In November 2019, Balvin released the music video for the single "Blanco", which introduced a "futuristic, all-white environment filled with hypnotic dancers and flying cats". On 20 March 2020, Balvin released the album Colores, in which every song is named after a color except the song "Arcoíris" . The album contains influences from dancehall, R&B, and electronica, and features Nigerian afrobeats artist Mr Eazi on the song "Arcoíris". Suzy Exposito of Rolling Stone called the album "sophisticated show of Balvin's sonic palette". The album artwork was created by Japanese artist Takashi Murakami. Balvin collaborated with Murakami for the music videos and album and single artwork, which notably feature Murakami's flowers, as well as American clothing brand Guess on a capsule collection inspired by the album. In 2021, Balvin released José, his sixth studio album. Later that year Balvin released a new song in collaboration with Pokémon for their 25th anniversary. Balvin also contributed a remix of the Metallica song "Wherever I May Roam" to the charity tribute album The Metallica Blacklist, released in September 2021. In December 2021, Balvin earned his 33rd No. 1 on the Billboard Latin Airplay Chart with "Una Nota", breaking the record for the most No. 1s on the chart. On March 25, 2022, Balvin collaborated with the English singer Ed Sheeran in the songs "Sigue" and "Forever My Love". On February 5, 2025, Crunchyroll announced that he would voice a "important role" in Solo Leveling, which would later be revealed as Kargalgan. Artistry Musical style and influences In an interview with Colombian newspaper El Tiempo, Balvin stated that he felt encouraged to pursue a career as a reggaeton artist after seeing that Daddy Yankee was of a lighter complexion and not Black, as he had assumed while listening to his music. Critics have contrasted Balvin's musical style from the first internationally popular wave of reggaeton led by Daddy Yankee. Marlon Bishop of The Fader described his vocal delivery as a "gentle drawl", differing greatly from the rapid-fire, aggressive delivery of earlier reggaeton acts. He generally sings over his beats as opposed to rapping, and favors a more melodic, pop-influenced style. Describing his music's production, Bishop writes, "Instead of the hard-edged, maximalist beats of the first wave, Balvin's tracks are moody and spaced out". He frequently works with Medellín-based writer/producers Alejandro "Sky" Ramírez and Carlo Alejandro "Mosty" Patiño, whom he often name-drops in his songs. He has been credited with popularizing a new style of reggaeton based in Medellín, along with Maluma and Puerto Ricans who have relocated to the city to become involved in the reggaeton scene, such as Nicky Jam and Farruko. Though he cites Daddy Yankee as his biggest musical inspiration, Balvin's earliest influences were rock bands such as Metallica and Nirvana, as well as salsa legend Hector Lavoe. He has covered Nirvana's hit "Smells Like Teen Spirit" in live performances. As a teenager, he listened to hip-hop artists such as 2Pac, The Notorious B.I.G., Snoop Dogg, Wu-Tang Clan, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, and Onyx. He also cites albums by Canadian R&B singer the Weeknd and Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética as his "desert island albums". He has also described Ricky Martin as a "teacher" and credited him as an artist who "opened the doors" for him. In 2018, he referenced Martin's hit "Livin' la Vida Loca" on the song "Reggaetón" since Martin "gave as clear a depiction of his actualized artistic dreams". The singer says his collaboration with Beyoncé on the remix of "Mi Gente" was a crucial step in his career: "I think it was a really good cultural move. People see me with Queen Bey, so they feel that if she's working with me, it's because I'm an important artist. She doesn't work with everyone. All the other collaborations are really helping me to continue to spread the Latin vibe that I want." Pop singer Camila Cabello has cited Balvin as a musical influence. Puerto Rican singer Residente has criticized Balvin's musicianship. In a viral video post, he explained: “I have to admit from my heart that you have a talent, you have the talent of not having talent and make people believe that you do.” The remarks came after Balvin called for a boycott of the 2021 Latin Grammys due to the alleged lack of nominations for urban music artists. Colombian artist Lido Pimienta has also argued that Balvin is more of an entertainer than an artist. Balvin has also been accused of cultural appropriation, which noted reggaeton historian Katelina Eccleston references in an interview for Paper Mag, specifically the song, "In Da Getto." According to Eccleston, "This track highlights the issue of Black Latinos being spoken for without consideration of their plight." Public image and lyrics His public image was described by Bishop by saying, "J Balvin's not a bad boy, he's a good guy with a well-tended naughty side." He often interacts with fans on social media sites such as Snapchat and Instagram, and cites these platforms as essential for his success. His musical partner Mazo explained, "We wanted to make music that was clean enough for your grandma to like, but sensual enough that the streets would like it too." His lyrics have been described as more vulnerable than typical reggaeton lyrics, discussing interpersonal relationships, exemplified by the single "Ay Vamos". For this reason, he has been compared to Canadian artist Drake, a comparison with which Balvin agrees. On the issue of misogyny in reggaeton, Balvin notes, "[I] have mothers, sisters, relatives. Part of what we did is change that misconception that reggaetón is machista and misogynist. On the contrary, women are our biggest fans, and they inspire us." He also refrains from singing about his country's violent past, saying that doing that exacerbates stereotypes about Colombians and that the country has made vast improvements since the days of Pablo Escobar. Instead, he discusses everyday life in his songs. Luis Estrada of Universal Music Latino and Capitol Latin says of Balvin, "He breaks every rule of what people think reggaeton is, and they love him for that...He doesn't take himself too seriously." Balvin is unique also in that his dance crew on his videos and concerts are all male. Despite being fluent in English and frequently collaborating with English-speaking artists, Balvin plans to only sing in Spanish. His goal is to make reggaeton a globally popular genre without having to sing in English to attain crossover success. He explains, "I want to keep making history in Spanish. I want to invite the mainstream into my world, and to my sound, and to what I'm doing. And I want mainstream artists to respect me, and accept Latino artists as equals, without us having to sing in English. I want them to know that I can compete globally with whomever, in Spanish." American artist Pharrell instead sings the hook in Spanish on "Safari", and Balvin described having more Non-Latino musicians singing in Spanish as one of his "biggest dreams". However, he recorded his first all-English song with Pitbull and Camila Cabello for the 2017 soundtrack to The Fate of the Furious, known as "Hey Ma", and explained that he is open to the idea of singing in English if the opportunity presents itself. Balvin has often been criticized for his ambiguous support of mass uprisings in his native Colombia. He failed to explicitly condemn rampant police violence during the 2019 and 2021 national strikes in Colombia, leading in the latter case to a significant drop in streaming of his music within the country. but later on, Balvin called for help for his country from his Instagram and Twitter accounts and shared posts about many events in his country. He tagged world-famous artists such as Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber and Katy Perry in the photos he shared to make the voice of his country and people heard in foreign media. In this way, many European and Asian followers of Balvin learned about the events in Colombia. During the 2021 national strike, Balvin was also accused of using images from the protests to promote his autobiographical documentary film, which was set to premiere later in the summer. Balvin's support for protests in Cuba via the hashtag #SOSCuba also drew criticism from Colombians who felt that Balvin had not commented on protests in Colombia in a timely fashion. Balvin's 2020 interview with journalist Vicky Dávila stirred controversy when he referred to current president Ivan Duque and former president Alvaro Uribe as "cool guys" despite both men being accused of significant human rights abuses. Balvin, who also gave an interview during the protests in Colombia. "I know what's going on in my country, people are right to beg for help on many issues, it's so painful but is it my fault? no it's not. I've never seen J Balvin's name on the ballot.” In response to the widespread George Floyd protests, Balvin tweeted out #EveryLivesMatter and #LatinoLivesMatterToo. After the ensuing outrage Balvin stated, “After taking time to speak to those close with me, I am educating myself on the deep significance and horrifying history that is the root of the #blacklivesmatter movement.” However, Balvin would again face accusations of anti-black racism upon the release of the music video for his song, "Perra," which featured Balvin walking with two Black women on leashes. Balvin later made a lengthy statement in which he apologized. He apologized to all women, especially his mother, and said that this song is about sex and sexuality, and that sex slavery is a reality in the world. He deleted the song from YouTube, stating that he didn't want anyone to feel humiliated and bad because of this song. In yet another incident, Balvin accepted the award for "Afro-Latino Artist of the Year" from the 2021 African Entertainment Awards USA. The news provoked strong reactions on social media, including discussion around Balvin's global success as a non-black artist profiting off a genre of music primarily created by Black artists. The name of the award was changed to "Best Latin Artist of the Year" and Balvin, who is not black, deleted his original Instagram post. also on his Instagram story, "I'm so misunderstood about this, I'm not afro Latina but I have accepted this award for my contribution to the genre thanks to my collaborations with afro Latin artists". At the same time, many Balvin fans stated that lynching Balvin on this issue was ridiculous because the problem was not with Balvin but with the awards ceremony. Fashion Balvin has called fashion "his life's passion, on the same level as music." He appeared as an ambassador during the 2017 New York Fashion Week, and has called for greater representation of Latinos in the fashion world. He utilizes eccentric accessories such as cowboy hats, colorful tracksuits, and ripped jeans. Isabela Raygoza described his aesthetic at the 2017 Latin Grammys as a "Latin raver Eminem" due to his neon blonde hair and brightly colored athletic clothing. His style often combines streetwear traditionally associated with reggaeton artists and classic luxury brands. Balvin is influenced by musicians such as Kanye West and Pharrell Williams who have made forays into fashion. Discussing Pharrell's influence, Balvin explained, "I don't dress exactly like him, but I want to be like him in the cultural way. He opens the doors for a lot of new fashion designers and creates his own style. It's all about love with him and he's the culture." The musician appeared in Ovadia and Sons' Spring 2017 catalogue. He debuted pieces that he designed in the Colombiamoda Fashion Week show in Medellín in July 2018, where he presented his collaboration with the clothing brand Gef France. The collection was inspired by the colorful, bright aesthetic of his 2018 album, Vibras. While at Coachella festival in 2018, he met avant-garde stylist, designer and techno DJ Sita Abellán, who took him on as her sole styling client. In January 2019 Balvin launched another Vibras-inspired clothing campaign with the Guess x J Balvin clothing collection, becoming the first Latin man to collaborate with the brand. Balvin explained that he "grew up with the Guess brand" and "always respected and identified with the Marciano brothers' history of taking influence from the country and culture of their heritage, and fusing it with the spirit of the United States". In Spring 2020, Balvin co-curated 'GUESS x J Balvin Colores', with stylist Sita Abellán. He was also the first Latin artist to be awarded the best stylist of the year by the J Balvin FNAA awards. however, since 2016, Balvin has been called the "style icon of reggaetón music" in Latin America, thanks to his hairstyles, dressing and different fashion ideas in the reggaetón genre. because no reggaetón artist has ever been ambitious and fashion-conscious before balvin. Collaborating with Nike in 2020, Balvin became the first Latin artist to collaborate with Nike. however, the shoe he designed was sold out within 1 minute, breaking the sales record on the official Nike website. Balvin, who later participated in events such as the Met gala and Paris fashion week. In 2022, he collaborated with Guess again and released a new collection called Amor. This new collaboration, which appeared in countries such as the United States, Japan and Italy, was highly appreciated. Balvin will receive the international style icon award at the ACE awards in August 2022. Building on his partnership with Nike, Balvin looks to release his Air Jordan 2 collaboration sneaker in 2022 along with new apparel pieces from this forthcoming capsule. The Colombian crooner’s AJ 2 is expected to be embellished in cloud-like patterns, and its matching sweatsuit is designed to mimic the same motif. In 2023, Balvin was awarded 'Fashion Icon of The Year' at the Latin American Fashion Awards, held in the Dominican Republic- to mark the occasion he received a trophy designed by Salvadoran artist, Studio Lenca. Personal life Balvin has spoken out about the Venezuelan economic crisis and the situation occurring at the country's border with Colombia, where thousands of Venezuelans have been forcibly deported. He called the situation "deplorable" and created the social media campaign #LatinosSomosFamilia , encouraging fans to sign a petition to support the displaced victims. The petition was soon signed by other prominent Latin artists including Colombian singer Maluma. Balvin's campaign was launched shortly after cancelling his performance on Miss USA 2015 in protest of Donald Trump. He supports LGBT rights, explaining "It's all about love. A lot of my closest friends are gay", and dyed his hair rainbow colors to show support for Pride 2019. In August 2016, the singer was involved in a plane crash while leaving the Bahamas. While returning from a vacation with his family, the plane failed to take off properly and crash landed shortly after departing from the runway. He posted a photo on Instagram of the small private plane after having landed in the bushes. Nobody was injured in the accident, and Balvin called it "a miracle". Balvin has experienced panic attacks and stated that "meditation saved [his] life". When his anxiety was at its worst, he recalled that "I forgot about my happiness. I forgot about José ." He is known for his tattoos and got his first tattoo when he was twelve years old. His mother suffers from the rare genetic condition acute intermittent porphyria, which causes seizures, chronic pain, and mental health difficulties. He has the word "Familia" tattooed on his chest in her honor. Unlike many popular reggaeton singers who move to the United States upon gaining popularity, Balvin continues to live in his hometown of Medellín, explaining, "It keeps me real. I'm gonna be real everywhere I go, but I'm with my people, I'm connected to my roots – I'm in my country! I don't need to live somewhere else. I respect the ones who make it and leave their home base, but I'm good in Colombia." He declared he has a home in New York, but he lives mostly in Medellín. In 2020, it was revealed that Balvin contracted COVID-19, but he has since recovered. Since 2018, Balvin has been in a relationship with the Argentine model and Miss Argentina 2014 Valentina Ferrer. On 27 June 2021, the couple's first child, a boy, was born in New York City. Impact Balvin's global success with his Spanish recordings has been praised by music critics. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry "he has pioneered Latin music's explosion onto the global stage". Billboard described him as "the biggest breakout act Latin music has seen in many years". Nicole Acevedo of NBC News said that although Latin artists such as Ricky Martin, Enrique Iglesias and Shakira achieved crossover success by recording English-language albums, "Balvin is reinventing the way Latin music artists cross over to the U.S. music scene" with musical productions recorded entirely in Spanish. Similarly, August Brown of Los Angeles Times commented that "Balvin's ideas felt like an inevitable future" and is part of a new wave of several Latin artists representing the "future of Latin and global pop where language is less a barrier than a invitation". Already a huge star in South America, Balvin has been credited with revitalising reggaeton - a hip-hop-infused blend of reggae and rap that originated in Puerto Rico in the late 1990s. Over the course of four albums, he's taken the genre once called "reggae en Espanol" and infused it with African, electronic and Caribbean flavours. Thus, in the last four years, Latin music has grown in popularity in the industry and on digital platforms. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, streaming music represented $8.9 billion worldwide in 2019 alone, of which 34% was Latin rhythms. For the time being, Balvin, who helped propel the careers of artists such as Bad Bunny, Anitta, Karol G, Rosalía, Maria Becerra and Feid, is excited about the new generation of Latin urban artists most notably La Gabi, a young Dominican rapper he signed Balvin's participation in the reggaeton scene has been noted, a genre previously associated primarily with Puerto Rican and Panamanian artists. He uses reggaeton as a vehicle to Ovexpose ideas, identities and other social messages, and is "perhaps the genre's most visible star" according to American journalist Jon Caramanica. Elias Leight of Rolling Stone included him along Karol G and Ozuna as "global hit-makers" with reggaeton and Latin trap songs. When Joan Scutia from Mexican Vogue reviewed Balvin's career and success, noted that reggaeton is part of Simon Reynolds' theory about globalization in music: "Nothing is foreign in an internet age". Evan Lamberg, UMPG's president commented: "I consider J Balvin one of the greatest global contemporary songwriters/artists in any genre". In a general perspective, Sofia Rocher from Guinness World Records stated Balvin became "leader of a second-generation reggaeton revolution propelling Urban music back to the forefront of Latin music worldwide". Univision presented him as "Latin Music's most popular and influential international artist". He was the first Latino to headline world-musical events such as Coachella, Tomorrowland, and Lollapalooza. Major sources praised J Balvin after the Coachella performance. In an article published by Rolling Stone, "J Balvin represented Latino gangs old and New on the set of live Saturday - the Colombian superstar made history on the Coachella stage... in a moment of confusion of Latinx pride". Entertainment Tonight, "J Balvin celebrates reggaeton with a Live Coachella performance - he knows how to get the crowd excited". "An astonishing set ... a monumental achievement - one of the greatest achievements Coachella has ever seen," commented Variety, who previously awarded Balvin the best collaborator of the year. "J Balvin led the wave of Latin pop at Coachella... no artist represents the future of the festival better than J Balvin" - "J Balvin's historic performance honors reggaeton legends", the Los Angeles Times and Remazcla expressed their admiration. Iman Amrani from The Guardian felt that Balvin is "now arguably Colombia's biggest cultural export" and described him as example on "how embracing national pride can be a force for cultural good". When describing J Balvin in the NOW and THEN magazine article, "J Balvin is a legend and the most influential reggaeton artist today" defined it. then Consequence of Sound called it "the evolution and future of reggaeton music". After inviting J Balvin to the cover of their magazine, Forbes announced, "J Balvin is one of the most influential reggaeton artists of this modern age". The Wall Street Journal called him "the highest level of global stardom". Awards and achievements Balvin has won numerous awards and achievements. He became the first recipient of the Global Icon Award given by Lo Nuestro Awards, in recognition of his contribution to spread Latin music worldwide, and the first recipient of the inaugural Contemporary Song of the Year at the BMI Latin Awards with "Ay Vamos". Additionally, he received a Guinness World Records by the most Latin Grammy nominations in a single year, with 13 in 2020. They also recognized his single "Ginza" for the longest stay at number 1 on Hot Latin Songs chart ever by a single artist. Balvin is the artist with the most #1 singles on the Latin Rhythm Airplay and Latin Airplay charts. His music videos have billions of views, and had a consecutive record-setting of 100 million views on VEVO with "Tranquila", 6 A.M.", "Ay Vamos" and "Ginza", which marked the most viewed Spanish video debut in history. "Ay Vamos" became the first reggaeton song to exceed one billion views on YouTube. In addition, VEVO named Balvin the "most watched Latin artist of 2015" and he became the "most viewed artist on YouTube Global" as of 2019. Balvin has multiple streaming records. "Mi Gente" is the first Spanish-language song to be number one on Spotify's Global Top 50 Chart, and he became the most streamed artist on Spotify as of 2018, overtaking Drake's previous record. He remains in the Top 5 as of April 2020. With his album Colores set a new record with all his songs occupying the Top 10 on Spotify. Additionally, he became the first Latin artist to reach one billion streams on Apple Music. His other achievements include selling 35 million singles worldwide, and having 91,1 Billion streams as of 2023, YouTube and Spotify. Discography Solo studio albums La Familia Energía Vibras Colores Jose Rayo Collaborative studio albums Oasis with Bad Bunny Tours Headlining La Familia Tour Energía Tour Vibras Tour Arcoiris Tour José Tour [cancelled] Que Bueno Volver a Verte Tour Supporting The Sun Comes Out World Tour Sex and Love Tour

=== J. Cole ===
Jermaine Lamarr Cole is an American rapper and record producer. Born in a military base in Germany and raised in Fayetteville, North Carolina, Cole initially gained attention as a rapper following the release of his debut mixtape, The Come Up, in early 2007. Intent on further pursuing a musical career, he signed with Jay-Z's Roc Nation in 2009 and released two additional mixtapes: The Warm Up and Friday Night Lights to further critical acclaim as he garnered a wider following. Each of Cole's studio albums have peaked atop the US Billboard 200, beginning with his debut, Cole World: The Sideline Story , and its follow-up, Born Sinner . Both met with critical acclaim, the albums spawned the Billboard Hot 100-top 40 singles "Work Out", "Power Trip" , and "Crooked Smile" . Despite commercial success, Cole departed from the pop-oriented sound of the albums in favor of conscious subject matter for his subsequent projects; themes of nostalgia, racial inequality, and materialism were explored respectively in his following releases: 2014 Forest Hills Drive , 4 Your Eyez Only and KOD . 4 Your Eyez Only yielded his furthest commercial success—selling an estimated 500,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, while the latter featured a then-record six simultaneous top 20 hits on the Billboard Hot 100—the first time a musical act achieved this feat since English rock band the Beatles in 1964. His sixth album, The Off-Season , was met with continued success and spawned the single "My Life" , which peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100. Its chart success was matched by his guest appearance on the 2023 single "All My Life" by Lil Durk, and succeeded by his first song to peak the chart, "First Person Shooter" by Drake that same year. The former also won Cole a Grammy Award for Best Melodic Rap Performance. Self-taught on piano, Cole also acts as a producer alongside his recording career—having largely handled the production of his own projects—with credits on material for other artists, including Kendrick Lamar, Janet Jackson, Young Thug, Wale, and Mac Miller, among others. Cole's side ventures include his record label Dreamville Records, as well as its namesake media company and non-profit. The label, having signed artists including JID, Ari Lennox, Bas, and EarthGang, has released four compilation albums; their third, Revenge of the Dreamers III , debuted atop the Billboard 200 and was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards. In January 2015, Cole began housing single mothers rent-free at his childhood home in Fayetteville. Cole has won two Grammy Awards from seventeen nominations, a Billboard Music Award for Top Rap Album, three Soul Train Music Awards, and eight BET Hip Hop Awards. Each of his albums—including Revenge of the Dreamers III—have received platinum certifications by the Recording Industry Association of America . Early life Jermaine Lamarr Cole was born on January 28, 1985, at an American military base in Frankfurt, West Germany. His father is an African American veteran, who served in the US Army, and his mother, Kay, born in Michigan, is a white American who was a postal worker for the United States Postal Service. Cole's father later abandoned the family during his youth. At the age of eight months his mother moved with him and his older brother Zach to the United States, to Fayetteville, North Carolina. Cole grew up in a multi-ethnic environment, and when asked about how closely his ethnicity impacts him, Cole commented, "I can identify with white people, because I know my mother, her side of the family, who I love. But at the end of the day, [I've] never felt white. I can identify [with white people] but never have I felt like I'm one of them. I identify more with what I look like, because that's how I got treated [but] not necessarily in a negative way." During his youth, Cole expressed an affinity for basketball and music, and served as a first-chair violinist for the Terry Sanford Orchestra until 2003. Cole began rapping at the age of twelve, and saw it as an ideal profession in 2000, when his mother purchased an ASR-X musical sampler as a Christmas gift. During this period, Cole heightened emphasis on improving his production skills, later beginning initial production under the pseudonym Therapist. Cole later collaborated with local group Bomm Sheltuh, rapping and producing as a member of the group. Cole can be seen in the crowd of the 2006 documentary Dave Chappelle's Block Party. Upon graduating high school with a 4.2 GPA, Cole decided that his chances of securing a recording contract would be better in New York City. He moved there and accepted a scholarship to St. John's University. Initially majoring in computer science, Cole later switched to communications after witnessing the life of a lonely computer science professor. At the college, Cole was the president of Haraya, a pan-African student coalition. He graduated magna cum laude in 2007, with a 3.8 GPA. Despite graduating, Cole would officially receive his degree during a homecoming concert in 2015, revealing that he had owed money for a library book, causing the university to hold back from granting him his degree. Cole later worked in various part-time jobs in Fayetteville, including a working ad salesman for a newspaper, a bill collector, a file clerk, and a kangaroo mascot at a skate rink. His mother struggled with addiction after his stepfather left her. Musical career 1999–2008: Beginnings and early work After becoming musically inspired by Canibus, Nas, Tupac, and Eminem, Cole and his cousin worked on developing their basic understanding of rhyming and wordplay. As well as this, they began to learn how to interpolate storytelling within their lyrics. By 14, Cole had various notebooks filled with song ideas, however, was unable to produce beats further than sampling. Cole's mother later purchased him the Roland TR-808 drum machine in order to further Cole's understanding of production. Over the next three years, he began posting songs on various internet forums under the moniker Blaza, but later switched to the name Therapist. Cole later expanded his production to create an entire CD's worth of instrumentals, and traveled to Roc the Mic Studio, hoping to play it for Jay Z while he was in recording sessions for American Gangster. Cole waited for over three hours, before being dismissed by Jay Z. Cole later used the CD as the backdrop for his debut mixtape, The Come Up. 2009–2010: Mixtapes and Roc Nation signing J. Cole released his second mixtape, The Warm Up, on June 15, 2009, to positive reviews. Cole appeared on Jay Z's album The Blueprint 3 , on the track "A Star Is Born". He is featured on both Wale's debut album, Attention Deficit and mixtape Back to the Feature , respectively. In January 2010, Cole, along with label mate Jay Electronica and Mos Def appeared on Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek's single, "Just Begun" for the follow-up of Reflection Eternal's album Train of Thought , titled Revolutions Per Minute . Cole also appeared on B.o.B's mixtape May 25 , on the song "Gladiators", produced by The Alchemist. In early 2010, Cole was chosen as one of Beyond Race magazine's "50 Great Breakthrough Artists". He ranked 49, resulting in the cover story of the publication's #11 issue, as well as a Q&A for the magazine's site. He was also featured in XXL Magazine's 2010 version of the Top Ten Freshmen, a yearly publication focusing on new rappers. Cole began a college tour from March 19, 2010, to April 30, 2010, concluding in New Brunswick, NJ at Rutgers University's annual Rutgersfest. The tour also featured a stop at Syracuse University for a show with fellow rapper, Wiz Khalifa. On March 31, he performed a new song titled "Who Dat" and released the song as a single on April 30, 2010. Cole was also featured on Young Chris' song "Still The Hottest" as well as Miguel's debut single "All I Want Is You". Additionally, Cole was featured on a track titled "We On", a song that failed to make the final track list for DJ Khaled's Victory LP. To celebrate the anniversary of the release of The Warm Up mixtape, J. Cole released a freestyle entitled "The Last Stretch" on June 15, 2010. On June 21 of that year, J. Cole premiered the music video to his first single "Who Dat" on the BET program 106 & Park. In August 2010, Cole was awarded the UMA Male Artist of the Year thanks to his heralded The Warm Up mixtape and a high-profile deal with Jay Z's label Roc Nation at the 2010 Underground Music Awards. In a July 2010 interview, J. Cole revealed three songs that would appear on his debut album: "Dreams", "Won't Be Long", and "Never Told", which was produced by No I.D. On October 30, 2010, a demo titled "I'm Coming Home" was leaked onto the Internet. Cole recorded the song as a reference track for Diddy, which later became "Coming Home" off Last Train to Paris . On November 12, 2010, J. Cole released his third official mixtape titled Friday Night Lights. The tape included features from Drake, Wale, and Omen with most of the production being handled by Cole himself. 2011–2012: Cole World: The Sideline Story Cole served as a supporting act for Drake on the Light Dreams and Nightmares UK Tour, from January 5–21, 2011. In April 2011, "HiiiPoWeR", a song Cole produced for Kendrick Lamar's Section.80 was released. The single was the first of many collaborations to come from the two. On May 22, 2011, Cole released a song entitled "Return of Simba", the third in the "Simba" series of songs, following "Simba" and "Grown Simba". Cole purposely avoided releasing his debut album's title for fear of inconsistency, only announcing that Jay-Z would be featured on his debut album. Cole then released his follow-up single to "Who Dat", the album's lead single, "Work Out" on June 15, 2011, in honor of the second anniversary of his highly acclaimed mixtape The Warm Up. The song, produced by Cole himself, samples "The New Workout Plan" by Kanye West and interpolates "Straight Up" by Paula Abdul. The song later became a hit single, topping several music charts. On July 31, Cole took to Twitter to announce Any Given Sunday, reminiscent of Kanye West's GOOD Fridays, a weekly free music giveaway. Cole wrote: "Every Sunday til the album drops I'll be back with something. Maybe just 1 song, maybe a video, depending on how I'm feeling." For the 3rd installment of the series, Cole took to Ustream to update fans about the album and play a select few tracks that didn't make the final track list. On August 15, the music video for "Work Out" premiered on YouTube, Vevo, and 106 & Park. On August 22, Cole released his debut album's cover art, designed by Alex Haldi for Bestest Asbestos, whom Cole recorded a song for, titled "Killers", for Haldi's mixtape The Glorification of Gangster. For the fourth installment on August 29, he released his debut album's track list, once again through Twitter. On August 30, after an unfinished version had previously leaked, "Can't Get Enough" featuring R&B singer Trey Songz was released as the album's second single. While in Barbados for his last performance as the official opening act for Rihanna's Loud Tour, Cole shot the music video for "Can't Get Enough" with Songz and Rihanna, who provided a cameo appearance. The video, directed by Clifton Bell, was released on September 14, 2011. In addition, early on September 25, two days before his album's release, Cole released the music video for the iTunes bonus track "Daddy's Little Girl". Cole World: The Sideline Story was released September 27, 2011, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, with 218,000 copies in its first-week of sales. As of December 2, 2011, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments and sales of 500,000 copies. On February 7, 2012, the third and final single from Cole's debut album was released. The song, titled "Nobody's Perfect", features renowned female rapper Missy Elliott, marking her return to music. As of December 2016, the album had sold 855,000 copies in the United States. On October 24, 2011, during an interview with Hot 106's Rise & Grind morning show, Cole revealed he had begun working on his second studio album, with hopes of releasing it in June 2012. He also stated that the album would consist of songs that failed to make his debut, saying "I don't know how many, but I got songs that didn't make the last album that are automatically going to make this one," he said, revealing the release date: "June. End of June, maybe June." From November 6 to 8, Cole served as the supporting act for Tinie Tempah, appearing at Bournemouth International Centre; Liverpool Echo Arena, Motorpoint Arena Cardiff, Cardiff, Wales; LG Arena, Birmingham, England; SECC Arena, Glasgow, Scotland; and MEN Arena, Manchester. 2012–2013: Born Sinner and Truly Yours series Cole was nominated for Best New Artist at the 2012 Grammy Awards. Cole played for the Eastern Team in the 2012 NBA All-Star Weekend Celebrity Game. On February 24, 2012, Cole reached two million followers on Twitter, and celebrated by releasing the song "Grew Up Fast". On March 1, 2012, Cole returned to his home town, Fayetteville, North Carolina. To celebrate his return, he released the song "Visionz of Home", and launched an event titled "Dreamville Weekend" to inspire the youth of his hometown to achieve great things. Cole performed for the first time in Africa during the Big Brother Africa 7 opening ceremony on May 6, 2012, alongside Camp Mulla, P-Square, Naeto C, Flavour N'abania, Davido, and Aemo E'Face. On May 14, Cole announced that he was working on a collaborative album with Kendrick Lamar, saying in an interview with Bootleg Kev that "I just started working with Kendrick the other day. We got it in, finally, again. We got maybe four or five [songs] together", also saying that the project would be more focused on and eventually released once Born Sinner had been released. On July 26, he returned to Twitter after a 100-day absence and went on to reveal and release his new song, "The Cure", in which he hinted at a new album. On October 20, he announced at a live show that his second album was complete and that he was waiting until after Lamar released Good Kid, M.A.A.D City to reveal it. On November 5, Cole revealed the title of his second album, Born Sinner, as well as a scheduled release date of January 28, 2013, via Ustream. On November 13, 2012, Cole released a promotional single for the album, titled "Miss America". Cole stated that he hoped "Miss America" would shift music in a different direction, adding that he knew it wouldn't be a big radio hit. He elaborated further, saying: "To me, 'Miss America' shifts things a little bit, it changes the conversation, it takes it in a more aggressive direction, more raw, more social commentary... Any type of commentary is good compared to what a normal single is these days. That's my aim, is to shift culture slightly, change the conversation. Nobody expects that for your first single." On December 31, 2012, Cole revealed that Born Sinner would not be released on January 28, 2013, as previously expected. Cole said that he "needed a little more time than that to get things done". In promotion of Born Sinner, Cole released an EP titled Truly Yours on February 12, 2013. The project consisted of five tracks Cole knew would not appear on Born Sinner. On February 14, 2013, he released the artwork for the first single via Instagram. "Power Trip" was released on February 14, 2013, marking Cole's second collaboration with R&B recording artist Miguel. Cole had announced a release date of June 25, 2013, for Born Sinner. However, when it was announced that Kanye West's Yeezus would be released just one week earlier on June 18, Cole moved the release date of Born Sinner up a week in order to compete with West. He later commented, "This is art, and I can't compete against the Kanye West celebrity and the status that he's earned just from being a genius... But I can put my name in the hat and tell you that I think my album is great and you be the judge and you decide." Cole released the second installment in the Truly Yours series on April 30, 2013, the EP featured guest appearances from Bas, Young Jeezy, and 2 Chainz. Born Sinner sold 297,000 copies in the United States in its first week of release, debuting at number two on the Billboard 200 chart, finishing approximately 30,000 copies short of Kanye West's Yeezus. He released three more singles in support of the album, "Crooked Smile" featuring TLC, "Forbidden Fruit" featuring Kendrick Lamar, and "She Knows". As of December 2016, the album had sold 796,000 copies in the US. 2014–2016: 2014 Forest Hills Drive On August 15, 2014, Cole released "Be Free" in response to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. Three days later, he visited the city in order to meet with protesters and activists who were gathered at the site of his shooting, discussing the civil unrest that was taking place within the city. He performed the track with an additional verse at the Late Show with David Letterman on December 10. On November 16, Cole released a video announcing that his third studio album, 2014 Forest Hills Drive, would be released on December 9. The video featured footage regarding the album's composition, as well as revealed that the album's name was derived from the address of Cole's childhood home. He announced that the album would include no lead singles and have little promotion, but was supported by four promotional singles; "Apparently", "Wet Dreamz", "No Role Modelz", and "Love Yourz". The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 upon release, selling 353,000 copies in its first week. Cole announced the Forest Hills Drive Tour on February 13, 2015. The tour served as the backdrop for his first live album, Forest Hills Drive: Live. The album recorded during the Fayetteville shows of the tour, and was released on Cole's 31st birthday. On March 31, 2014 Forest Hills Drive was certified platinum. As of December 2016, the album had sold 1.24 million copies in the US. 2014 Forest Hills Drive won Top Rap Album at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards and Album of the Year at the 2015 BET Hip Hop Awards. The album was nominated at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards for Best Rap Album. The single "Apparently'" was also nominated for Best Rap Performance. On December 15, 2015, Cole announced a documentary series titled J. Cole: Road to Homecoming, ahead of his HBO special Forest Hills Drive: Homecoming. The series included five episodes as well as featuring guest appearances from Kendrick Lamar, Wale, Rihanna, Pusha T, Big Sean, Jay Z, and Drake. All episodes were released weekly and were available for free on Vimeo until January 9. The concert film Forest Hills Drive: Homecoming aired on January 9, 2016, which was filmed during the final show of his Forest Hills Drive Tour at the Crown Coliseum in Fayetteville, North Carolina. On January 28, 2016, Cole released Forest Hills Drive: Live as well as the music video for "Love Yourz", from concert film. 2016–2017: 4 Your Eyez Only On July 29, 2016, DJ Khaled released his ninth studio album, Major Key. Cole is featured on the track "Jermaine's Interlude". "Said all I could say, now I play with thoughts of retirement" is a direct quote from the track that caused some of Cole's fans to worry about him and his music career. In an interview with Genius, Doctur Dot of the Atlanta duo EarthGang explained that the song was originally a nine-minute posse cut, he said, "We were just trying to get Bas to fuck with the song, but Cole was like, 'I can't resist this beat,' so he hit the weed for the first time in a long time." He overthinks on weed but we were in the garage smoking a blunt, the beat was running in the background. We stacked the hook up, we all had verses on it, it was a posse record and was like, nine verses long." On November 4, 2016, Cole performed at Jay Z and Beyoncé's Hillary Clinton Rally in Cleveland, Ohio, along with Big Sean and Chance the Rapper. On November 8, 2016, Spillage Village released the official version of "Jermaine's Interlude", called "Can't Call It". The song features Cole, EarthGang, Bas, and JID. On December 1, 2016, the artwork and a track list for Cole's fourth album, titled 4 Your Eyez Only, were shown on iTunes available for pre-order, with a release date for December 9, 2016. On December 2, 2016, Cole released a 40-minute documentary titled Eyez, on Tidal. It features behind-the-scenes footage of Cole and collaborators working on the album, including two music videos for the tracks "Everybody Dies" and "False Prophets"; neither song was included on the album. On December 5, "False Prophets" and "Everybody Dies" were released as singles to iTunes store and other streaming services. 4 Your Eyez Only debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with 492,000 album-equivalent units, of which 363,000 were pure album sales, becoming Cole's fourth number one album. The track "Deja Vu" entered the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 7 without being released as a single, becoming J. Cole's highest charting song. All 10 songs from 4 Your Eyez Only debuted in the top 40 of the Hot 100, after only having four top 40 hits as a solo artist. "False Prophets" and "Everybody Dies" both charted also. Cole achieved twelve simultaneous Hot 100 entries in a single week. "Deja Vu" was released as the album's first single on January 10, 2017. On January 12, 2017, 4 Your Eyez Only was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . On April 7, 2017, the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America . On January 16, 2017, Cole surprisingly released a track titled, "High for Hours" via his SoundCloud. The song was produced by Elite and Cam O'Bi. The song was released on the iTunes store as a single on January 18. Cole announced the 4 Your Eyez Only World Tour on February 21, 2017, the tour included 62 dates across North America, Europe, and Australia. On March 24, 2017 HBO announced a documentary titled, J. Cole: 4 Your Eyez Only, the film aired April 15, 2017. The film was directed by Cole and Scott Lazer. It is now available on YouTube. 2018: KOD On April 16, 2018, J. Cole announced a surprise free event for fans at the Gramercy Theatre in New York City. The event turned out to be a listening session for his forthcoming album, titled KOD, which was released on April 20, 2018. Cole held a second listening session in London the next day. The album's cover and tracklist show twelve tracks and two features, both by Cole's alter ego, Kill Edward. Cole had mentioned that KOD has 3 meanings, Kids on Drugs, King Overdosed, and Kill Our Demons. The cover art for KOD was done by a Detroit artist named Kamau Haroon who goes by the name Sixmau. The album touches on many topics including drug abuse, addiction, depression, and greed. In the US, on the day of its release, KOD broke the previous record for Views by Drake in 2016 by receiving 64.5 million streams on Apple Music. It accumulated 36.7 million streams on Spotify in its first 24 hours as well. Additionally, the titled track also surpassed Taylor Swift's "Look What You Made Me Do" by 0.4 million streams on its first day. The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, earning 397,000 album-equivalent units, including 174,000 in pure sales, making it Cole's fifth number one album. J. Cole also became the first act to simultaneously debut three songs in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100, with "ATM" , "Kevin's Heart" , and "KOD" . The remainder of the album also debuted in the Hot 100, totaling to twelve songs on the chart. "KOD" was released as the album's first single, on May 8, 2018. Cole released music videos for the songs "ATM" and "Kevin's Heart", both of which were directed by Cole and Scott Lazer. "ATM" impacted US rhythmic contemporary radio on July 31, 2018, as the album's second single. Songs from the album were featured in the official 2018 NBA Playoffs and the NBA Finals promotion for ESPN. On April 27, 2018, it was announced that Cole was working on another project titled The Fall Off, Cole said that he planned to release The Fall Off before he recorded KOD. Cole also confirmed that he is working on a Kill Edward album. On May 14, 2018, KOD was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over 500,000 album-equivalent units in the US. The album has since been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America with one million album-equivalent units in the US. Cole announced the KOD Tour on May 8, 2018, Young Thug, Jaden Smith, EarthGang, and Kill Edward served as the supporting acts. The tour will include 34 North American dates, starting in Miami, on August 9 and concluding in Boston, on October 10, 2018. Cole performed "Intro" and "Friends" at the 2018 BET Awards on June 24, 2018. Singer Daniel Caesar performed part of "Intro" and the chorus to "Friends", rapper Wale was also part of the set. On August 7, 2018, Cole released a single titled, "Album of the Year ". The single was accompanied by a music video, which premiered on WorldStarHipHop. Cole also announced a new project titled, The Off Season, which he plans to release ahead of his next studio album, The Fall Off. In the description to the video, it reads: "The Off Season coming soon... All roads lead to The Fall Off - Cole". In an interview for Billboard in September 2018, Cole said he plans to take off 2019 from touring to finish work on The Off Season, The Fall Off, and the Kill Edward project. 2019: Revenge of the Dreamers III On January 6, 2019, Cole took to Twitter to announce Dreamville's compilation album Revenge of the Dreamers III by uploading a gold poster-like invitation. Recording sessions took place in Atlanta beginning January 6 through January 16, 2019. Throughout the 10-days of recording, invitations were shared by the entire Dreamville roster, among other artists and producers outside of Dreamville. A total of 343 artists and producers were invited to the sessions including, Big K.R.I.T., Mike Will Made It, DJ Khaled, Swizz Beatz, Tay Keith, T.I, Rick Ross, 9th Wonder and Wale, among others. On January 23, 2019, Cole released his first lead single since 2013 titled, "Middle Child". With only one day of tracking, "Middle Child" debuted at number 26 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The following week, the song peaked at number 4, making it Cole's highest charting song. Cole performed at the 2019 NBA All-Star Game for its halftime show on February 17, 2019, in Charlotte. He performed "Middle Child", "A Lot", "ATM", "Love Yourz" and "No Role Modelz". On May 23, 2019, Cole was featured alongside American rapper and singer Travis Scott on American rapper Young Thug's single "The London", which would become the lead single from Thug's debut studio album, So Much Fun. "The London" would later reach number twelve on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. On June 12, 2019, the first of two sets of dual singles from Revenge of the Dreamers III were released: "Down Bad" featuring Cole, JID, Bas, EarthGang, and Young Nudy and "Got Me" featuring Ari Lennox, Omen, Ty Dolla Sign, and Dreezy. On July 1, 2019, the second set of dual singles from the album were released: "LamboTruck" featuring Cozz, Reason, and Childish Major and "Costa Rica" featuring Bas, JID, Guapdad 4000, Reese Laflare, Jace, Mez, Smokepurpp, Buddy, and Ski Mask the Slump God. Dreamville announced the album's release date on the same day and was selling limited merchandise on July 1, related to the album. On July 2, 2019, Dreamville Presents: REVENGE was released on the label's official YouTube account, a film documenting the album's recording sessions in Atlanta. Revenge of the Dreamers III debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 with 115,000 album-equivalent units, of which 24,000 were pure album sales, earning Cole his sixth consecutive number-one album in the country. The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America . The album was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards, while "Middle Child" and "Down Bad" were nominated for Best Rap Performance. Cole's collaboration with 21 Savage "A Lot" received a Grammy Award for Best Rap Song, making this his first Grammy Award win. 2020–present: The Off-Season and The Fall Off On June 16, 2020, J. Cole released his first song of 2020, "Snow on tha Bluff", a politically-charged track released soon after the murder of George Floyd that led to disagreements with and criticism from Noname and other rappers. On July 23, 2020, Cole released a promotional EP titled Lewis Street featuring two new songs, "The Climb Back" and "Lion King on Ice". The former later appeared on The Off-Season. On December 29, 2020, Cole took to Instagram to post a photo where he documented a list titled, "The Fall Off Era". On the list crossed out, was features and Revenge of the Dreamers III. Also listed, but not crossed out was two projects, The Off-Season and It's a Boy, which he announced would be released ahead of The Fall Off. The caption of the post read: "I still got some goals I gotta check off for' I scram..." On May 4, 2021, J. Cole officially revealed the release date and album artwork of The Off-Season, his sixth studio album. The album's lead single, "Interlude", was released on May 7. The Off-Season was released on May 14, 2021. The album was co-executively produced by T-Minus and featured guest appearances from Morray, 21 Savage, Lil Baby, Bas, and 6LACK. It received positive reviews from critics and topped the US Billboard 200, selling 282,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, earning Cole his sixth consecutive number-one album in the country. Four songs from The Off-Season debuted in the top ten on the US Billboard Hot 100, with "My Life" , "Amari" , "Pride Is the Devil" , and "95 South" . "Interlude" debuted at number eight the previous week giving the album five top ten singles. On September 21, 2021, J. Cole released a freestyle titled "Heaven's EP", remixing the beat of "Pipe Down" from Drake's Certified Lover Boy. On March 31, 2022, the song later appeared on the Dreamville compilation D-Day: A Gangsta Grillz Mixtape, with Cole also appearing on the songs "Stick" and "Freedom of Speech". On October 6, 2023, Drake's album For All The Dogs was released; on it, J. Cole was featured on the eventual single "First Person Shooter", which would debut at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first song to top the chart. On April 5, 2024, Cole released the mixtape Might Delete Later after teasing the project through a series of vlogs posted on a YouTube channel with the same name. On the song "7 Minute Drill", J. Cole retaliated Kendrick Lamar in response to his song "Like That" with Future & Metro Boomin in which Lamar raps "motherfuck the big three, nigga, it's just big me", which in itself was a response to "First Person Shooter" in which Cole raps "Love when they argue the hardest MC / Is it K-Dot is it Aubrey or me / We the big three like we started a league", amidst the Drake-Kendrick Lamar feud. Two days after the album's release, Cole apologized for the diss track at Dreamville Festival, and the track was subsequently removed from streaming platforms. On November 17, 2024, Cole announced the limited podcast series Inevitable, hosted by Cole himself, alongside his longtime manager Ibrahim Hamad and frequent collaborator Scott Lazer. The first season of the podcast consisted of 10 episodes, with the debut episode premiering on November 18, 2025, and subsequent episodes releasing in every two days on the Inevitable website. The podcast's release was accompanied by the release of the Cole's mixtapes,The Come Up, The Warm Up, and Friday Night Lights on streaming platforms, along with some unreleased material being played in episodes of the podcast. Basketball career Cole played basketball at Terry Sanford High School in North Carolina. With an academic scholarship, he tried out as a walk-on at St. John's University and was one of 10 call-back players during his sophomore year. In 2012, Cole played for the Eastern Team during the NBA All-Star Weekend Celebrity Game. In 2013, Cole told Sports Illustrated, "Sports is where it started for me. It parallels my life. Rap is such a competitive thing. That's why I have to watch sports. I got to keep up. It's my life in just another form." On July 20, 2020, Cole released an article for The Players' Tribune, writing about his goals after graduating college to eventually playing professional basketball saying "if I can blow up in the next three years, that means I'll only be 27. That still might give me enough time to train and pursue a professional basketball career. I'll work hard enough to go play overseas and then try to work my way to the NBA." On July 31, 2020, Cole released his debut signature shoe in collaboration with Puma called the PUMA RS-Dreamer. In August 2020, it was also reported by Master P that Cole was training to tryout for the NBA. In September 2022, J. Cole was named as the cover athlete for NBA 2K23 on the Dreamer Edition, and was featured in the game, as well as a character in the game's "MyCareer" mode. Cole said in a press release, "NBA 2K has long been a place to discover new musical talent through their game and continues to be a gold standard for showcasing all things basketball culture. It's been an amazing journey to not only appear on a cover of this year's game, but to be part of the MyCareer storyline, soundtrack and bring the Dreamer brand into NBA 2K." Patriots Basketball Club On May 10, 2021, Cole signed a contract with the Rwanda-based Patriots Basketball Club in the Basketball Africa League. Cole was also featured on the cover of the American basketball magazine SLAM, for their May 2021 issue. Cole made his professional debut on May 16 against the Rivers Hoopers, finishing with three points, three rebounds and two assists in 17 minutes. In three games with the team, he scored five points, had three assists and five rebounds in 45 minutes of gameplay. He was only under contract for a minimum of three games. He left the team after playing the three games. Scarborough Shooting Stars On May 19, 2022, Cole signed with the Scarborough Shooting Stars of the Canadian Elite Basketball League. On June 8, 2022, in a social media interview released by the Shooting Stars, it was announced that Cole would take an indefinite leave from the team to fulfill his concert tour commitments. In 4 games with the Shooting Stars, Cole averaged 2.4 points, 0.6 rebounds, and 0.4 assists, while shooting 50% from 3-point range. Career statistics BAL Artistic influences Cole has cited several hip-hop artists as influencing his rapping style, including Tupac, Jay-Z, Eminem, Nas, and Andre 3000. He described in an interview with Steve Lobel, "Jay [Z] was a mentor before I ever signed to him." "I studied his moves that much. ... I got to go on tour with him and steal a lot of gems. That's how you supposed to do it. You're supposed to learn and take pieces from the greatest. So, Jay was my mentor before I ever signed to him. And now that I signed to him it's just a blessing to be able to hit him for advice and get that real 20 years of experience or however long he been in the game. It's priceless." "My favorite rapper was Pac," he said. "He was my favorite rapper before I even started rapping. Before I even thought of—It went from Michael Jackson, Bobby Brown as a kid and artists like that. Even Kool Moe Dee. Just the cool dude that I looked up to. And then one day my stepfather came home from—I don't know if he was back from Desert Storm. ... I remember him coming home with that first Pac album. With 'Brenda's Got a Baby'. It was 2Pacalypse Now. And since then—When I was too young to know what he was talking about, but it connected. Cause that's the thing about art. It's just truth. It's straight–Whatever you feel. So, even as a seven-year-old kid, eight-year-old kid I could hear Pac's early albums and feel the truth." Cole drew comparisons to Nas following the release of Friday Night Lights, stating that Nas served as the primary inspiration behind the creation of the mixtape. Cole later addressed their musical similarities on "Let Nas Down", a song written and composed due to his disparaging comments towards "Work Out". As a response to this record, Nas came out with the song "Made Nas Proud" shortly after. In 2014, in an interview with Angie Martinez, Cole listed Tupac, The Notorious B.I.G., Nas, and Jay-Z as his top four rappers of all time, with André 3000 and Eminem being a toss-up for fifth. Feuds Puff Daddy In August 2013, Cole and Puff Daddy were reportedly involved in an altercation at a 2013 MTV Video Music Awards after party in New York City. Reports said the incident started when Puff tried to confront rapper Kendrick Lamar over the "King of New York" claim in his "Control" verse. Puff allegedly attempted to pour a drink on Lamar, and Cole intervened. The two started arguing and Cole and Puff allegedly got into an altercation, which then led to problems between their respective crews. After a brief scuffle, both crews separated. Ibrahim Hamad, a close friend of Cole's and president of Dreamville Records took to Twitter to address the rumors saying: "The Internet is a crazy place you niggaz reporting shit with no facts, Cole ain't get thrown out no party and he damn sure aint get beat up", he continued saying, "Ain't gon go into details about last night but get the facts right first before you rush to report some shit for some extra blog clicks". A few months after the incident, Cole and Puff were seen in a video promoting Revolt, joking about the incident. Reactions to "False Prophets" Upon the release of Eyez documentary in 2016, the songs "Everybody Dies" and "False Prophets" caused controversy within the hip hop community, as many assumed that "Everybody Dies" contained shots aimed at fellow rappers Lil Uzi Vert and Lil Yachty. During an interview with Los Angeles' radio station Power 106, Lil Yachty responded, saying: "I don't listen to J. Cole [but] I definitely listened to it [and] people said he was talking about me. He said 'Lil.' I'm not little. My name has 'Lil' in it but there's a lot of 'Lil' rappers. [It's] either me or Uzi. Honestly, I don't give a fuck." Lil Uzi Vert acknowledged the track, responding via Twitter on December 2, 2016, by simply tweeting, "Heard some beautiful shit today @JColeNC". People also argued that the first verse on "False Prophets" consisted of direct shots at rapper Kanye West, due to Cole's referencing to West's altering public perception by the media and fans; as well as Kanye's recent hospitalization. Many also presumed that the second verse was directed at rapper Wale, with Cole saying that despite Wale's fourth album receiving fairly positive critical and commercial success, Wale remains misunderstood and slighted by some of his peers. On December 3, Wale released a track, called "Groundhog Day" as a response to "False Prophets", and the pair were spotted together in Raleigh, North Carolina at a North Carolina State University basketball game later that day. Cole spoke on "False Prophets" in an interview with The New York Times, he said: Rappers rap about other rappers all the time—subliminal insult, direct attack—but rarely from a place of love. "That speaks to the state of us as a people," he said. "For so long my mind state was, I have to show how much better than the next man I am through these bars. Who's the best? Let me prove it. And it's just like, damn, I'm really feeding into a cycle of keeping black people down, I'm really feeding into that. Lil Pump In April 2018, rapper Lil Pump teased a song titled "Fuck J. Cole" produced by fellow rapper Smokepurpp. Media outlets and rappers speculated that the song "1985" from KOD was a response to the two, while Cole said in a Vulture interview that "It's really a 'shoe fits' situation—several people can wear that shoe." Lil Pump reacted to the song hours after the album's release via Instagram saying, "Wow, you get so much props. You dissed a 17 year old, lame ass jit." Later that day during a concert in Atlanta, Smokepurpp, along with his fans erupted in a chant of "fuck J. Cole". According to Cole, the target of the song is more general. He said it takes aim at what he sees as the cartoon version of hip hop, he explained: "If you exclude the top three rappers in the game, the most popping rappers all are exaggerated versions of black stereotypes; extremely tatted up, colorful hair, flamboyant, brand names. It's caricatures, and still the dominant representation of black people on the most popular entertainment format for black people, period." On May 4, 2018, as Cole was performing at JMBLYA festival in Dallas, he performed "1985", cutting off the backing track so he could rap his verse a cappella. The crowd erupted in chants of "fuck Lil Pump" and "fuck 6ix9ine". Cole immediately shut down the chants telling the crowd, "Don't do that." Cole performed "1985" during his Rolling Loud Festival performance on May 11, 2018, in Miami. During the performance Lil Pump was seen dancing to the song near the stage. On May 25, after Rolling Loud, J. Cole and Lil Pump sat down for an hour-long interview indicating that a supposed beef between the two is over. Cole asked Pump about his "fuck J. Cole" comments in his music and social media. Pump responds by claiming he had seen his fans commenting it on social media and didn't know why. "But now I kinda get it", he says. "We make different types of music, so people, like... People just like doing that shit." He continues, "It wasn't even serious... I fuck with your shit. It's hard." Noname In May 2020, in the midst of the George Floyd protests, rapper Noname made a tweet panning rappers who discussed the struggles of black people in their music but had yet to publicly speak out on social media regarding the protests or Black Lives Matter. The tweet read: "Poor black folks all over the country are putting their bodies on the line in protest for our collective safety and y’all favorite top selling rappers not even willing to put a tweet up. niggas whole discographies be about black plight and they no where to be found". Many assumed her tweet was aimed at Cole and Kendrick Lamar, both of whom had yet to post on social media about the protests at the time of her tweet. On June 16, 2020, Cole released a song titled, "Snow on tha Bluff" addressing an unnamed woman, assumed to be Noname, while also touching on police brutality and race relations during the George Floyd protests. Shortly after the song's release, Noname tweeted "QUEEN TONE!!!!!!", referencing a lyric from the song. She later deleted the tweet. Many other artists defended Noname, including Ari Lennox, who is signed to Cole's Dreamville label. Lennox thanked Noname "for giving [a fuck] about us constantly and endlessly", saying she appreciates "everything you [Noname] put out to the world". Rapper Chance the Rapper, criticized Cole, calling the song "not constructive" and saying it "undermines all the work Noname has done". Cole eventually addressed backlash in a series of tweets, defending his statements in the song and encouraging listeners to follow Noname on social media. Two days after the release of "Snow on tha Bluff", Noname released "Song 33", in which she alluded to Cole writing about her in the wake of the protests, rapping: "I guess the ego hurt now / It's time to go to work, wow, look at him go / He really 'bout to write about me when the world is in smokes? When there's people in trees? When George was beggin' for his mother sayin' he couldn't breathe? He thought to write about me?". Cole acknowledged the track shortly after its release, sharing a link to the song on Twitter. Cole and Noname previously collaborated in 2015, on the song "Warm Enough" from Donnie Trumpet and The Social Experiment's Surf album. Business ventures Dreamville Records During the composition of The Come Up, Cole started his own record label in early 2007 with current label president Ibrahim Hamad. Cole sought for an avenue to release his own music, while Hamad yearned to start a record label, prompting the two to team up to form Dreamville Records. The label is currently distributed by Interscope Records. Cole, Omen, and Bas were the label's inaugural artists. The label houses artists including Cole, Omen, Bas, Cozz, Lute, Ari Lennox, JID, and duo EarthGang. In-house producers include Elite, Ron Gilmore, Cedric Brown, and Meez. Dreamville Records has released nine albums, with three certified platinum or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America . The Dreamville Foundation In October 2011, Cole established The Dreamville Foundation, a 501 non-profit organization. The Foundation says that it was "created to 'bridge the gap' between the worlds of opportunity and the urban youth" of Cole's hometown of Fayetteville, North Carolina. With volunteers, the Foundation conducts philanthropic activities, such as an annual "Back To School Supply Giveaway" to provide supplies to schoolchildren. The Foundation also launched a book club for young men and sponsored "The Nobody's Perfect Writing Contest and Mother's Day Brunch" for students. It sponsors an annual weekend of Fayetteville community events called the "Dreamville Weekend" that features a discussion with the Young Men's Book Club and Appreciation Dinner and a Career Day panel of African-American professionals in a variety of fields. In 2014, Cole purchased his childhood home in Fayetteville, North Carolina, for $120,000 through the Dreamville Foundation. The home had been repossessed from his mother years earlier, while Jermaine was attending college in New York. His plan is to turn the house into a homestead for single mothers and their children to live rent-free. Tidal In March 2015, Project Panther, the business of Cole's mentor Jay-Z, acquired Aspiro, the owner of the music streaming service Tidal, for a reported $56 million. J. Cole is a minor shareholder of the service, along with 15 other artist stakeholders, including Kanye West, Usher, Alicia Keys, Beyoncé, Rihanna, Madonna, Daft Punk, deadmau5, and Nicki Minaj. Dreamville Festival On April 27, 2018, J. Cole announced the Dreamville Festival, the festival featuring local music, culture, food and art, and also include a mix of up-and-comers and national acts. It is expected to be an annual festival. However, in the wake of Hurricane Florence, the event was postponed from its original date. The festival was rescheduled and held at the historic Dorothea Dix Park in Raleigh, North Carolina on April 6, 2019. The lineup included all of Dreamville's artists as well as SZA, Big Sean, Nelly, 21 Savage, 6LACK, Davido, Teyana Taylor, Saba, Rapsody, and Mez. The Dreamville Festival plans to donate proceeds to the Dorothea Dix Park Convervancy and the Dreamville Foundation. Fashion In February 2020, J. Cole announced a multi-year footwear and apparel partnership with Puma as an ambassador for the brand. According to the global director of Puma, Cole is involved in product creation, marketing campaigns and cultural guidance. With the announcement, Puma and Cole released a short film for the reimagined "Sky Dreamer" shoes, which debuted during the 2020 NBA All-Star Game. On July 31, 2020, PUMA and J. Cole released their debut collaboration shoe, the PUMA RS-Dreamer. Cole commented on the signature shoe saying: "Over the years, basketball shoes have progressed greatly in their level of technology and comfort but have strayed too far away from designs stylish enough for cultural relevancy. The Dreamer hopes to change that reality. The highest level of on-court performance meets the highest level of aesthetic design for daily wear. Once again, you can hoop in the same shoes you wore outside." The launch of the shoe coincided with the restart of the 2019–20 NBA season. Personal life In a January 2016 interview with director Ryan Coogler, Cole revealed that he was married. His wife, Melissa Heholt, who met Cole while they were students at St. John’s University, is the Executive Director of the Dreamville Foundation. Also in a May 2018 interview with radio host Angie Martinez, Cole stated that he and his wife have a son together. In 2019, he publicly spoke about his son. On July 20, 2020, Cole revealed he has two children. Discography Studio albums Concert tours Headlining Cole World... World Tour What Dreams May Come Tour Dollar & A Dream Tour Dollar & A Dream Tour 2014: The Warm Up Forest Hills Drive Tour Dollar & A Dream Tour III: Friday Night Lights 4 Your Eyez Only World Tour KOD Tour Co-headlining The Campus Consciousness Tour Revenge of the Dreamers NYC Crawl The Off-Season Tour It's All A Blur Tour - Big As the What? Supporting act Jay-Z Fall Tour Attention Deficit Tour Loud Tour Club Paradise Tour Rapture Tour Filmography Awards and nominations

=== J. Lo ===
Jennifer Lynn Lopez , also known by her nickname J.Lo, is an American singer, songwriter, actress, dancer and businesswoman. Lopez is regarded as one of the most influential Latin entertainers of her time, credited with breaking barriers for Latino Americans in Hollywood and helping propel the Latin pop movement in music. She is also noted for her impact on popular culture through fashion, branding, and shifting mainstream beauty standards. Lopez began her career as a dancer, making her television debut as a Fly Girl on the sketch comedy series In Living Color in 1991. She rose to fame as an actress, starring as singer Selena in the film of the same name , and established herself as the highest-paid Latin actress, with leading roles in Anaconda and Out of Sight . Lopez successfully ventured into the music industry with her debut album, On the 6 . In 2001, she became the first woman to simultaneously have a number-one album and film in the United States, with her second album, J.Lo, and the romantic comedy The Wedding Planner. She has since become known for starring in romantic comedies, including Maid in Manhattan , Shall We Dance? , and Monster-in-Law . Lopez released two albums in 2002: J to tha L–O! The Remixes and This Is Me... Then, the former becoming the first remix album to top the US Billboard 200. Media scrutiny and the failure of her film Gigli preceded a career downturn. Her subsequent albums included Rebirth and Como Ama una Mujer ; the latter broke first-week sales records for a debut Spanish album. Lopez returned to prominence as a judge on American Idol and with the album Love? ; she has remained musically active since. Throughout the 2010s, she voiced Shira in the animated Ice Age franchise , starred in the police drama series Shades of Blue , and served as a judge on World of Dance . In 2019, she garnered critical praise for her performance in the crime drama Hustlers. Lopez continued her acting career, with leading roles in the films Marry Me , The Mother , This Is Me... Now: A Love Story, Atlas , and Kiss of the Spider Woman . With over 80 million records sold worldwide, Lopez has earned four US Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles and two Billboard 200 number-one albums. Her accolades include a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Billboard Icon Award, three American Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards , and six Guinness World Records. She has been ranked among the 100 most influential people in the world by Time and the World's 100 Most Powerful Women by Forbes . Lopez has a large social media following, being one of the most-followed individuals on Instagram. Her other ventures include a lifestyle brand, beauty and fashion lines, fragrances, a production company, and a charitable foundation. Early life Jennifer Lynn Lopez was born on July 24, 1969, in the Bronx, a borough of New York City, and raised in its Castle Hill neighborhood. Her parents, Guadalupe Rodríguez and David Lopez, were born in Puerto Rico and met in New York City. After serving in the Army, David worked as a computer technician at Guardian Insurance Company. Guadalupe was a homemaker for the first ten years of Lopez's life and later worked as a Tupperware salesperson and a kindergarten and gym teacher. They divorced in the 1990s after 33 years of marriage. Lopez is a middle child; she has an older sister, Leslie, and a younger sister, Lynda. The three shared a bedroom. Lopez has described her upbringing as "strict". She was raised in a Catholic family; she attended Mass every Sunday and received a Catholic education, attending Holy Family School and the all-girls Preston High School, a private school. In school, Lopez ran track on a national level, participated in gymnastics and was on the softball team. She danced in school musicals and played a lead role in a production of Godspell. She described herself as a "tomboy" and "very athletic". There was "lots of music" in the typically Puerto Rican household, and Lopez and her sisters were encouraged to sing, dance, and create their own plays for family events. West Side Story made a particular impression on the young Lopez, who wanted to be an entertainer from an early age. As a teenager, she learned flamenco, jazz, and ballet at the Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club and taught dance to younger students, including Kerry Washington. After graduating from high school, she had a part-time secretarial job at a law firm and studied business at New York's Baruch College for one semester. At age 18, she enrolled as a full-time student at Manhattan's Phil Black Dance Studio, where she had already taken night classes in jazz and tap dance. Her parents were unhappy with her decision to leave college to pursue a dance career. According to Lopez, her parents felt it was "foolish" because "no Latinas did that". Her mother asked her to move out of the family home and they stopped speaking for eight months. Lopez moved to Manhattan, sleeping in the dance studio's office for the first few months. Career 1989–1996: Professional dancing and early acting roles Lopez's first professional job came in 1989 when she spent five months touring Europe with the musical revue show Golden Musicals of Broadway. She was upset at being the only member of the chorus not to have a solo, and later characterized it as a pivotal moment where she had to "try harder and become that much more committed". In 1990, she danced alongside MC Hammer in an episode of Yo! MTV Raps, and traveled around Japan for four months as a chorus member in Synchronicity. When she returned to the United States, she was hired as a backup dancer for New Kids on the Block's performance of "Games" at the 1991 American Music Awards. She also traveled around America with regional productions of the musicals Jesus Christ Superstar and Oklahoma!. During this period, Lopez also danced in music videos including Doug E. Fresh's "Summertime", Richard Rogers' "Can't Stop Loving You", EPMD's "Rampage", and Samantha Fox's " But the Pants Stay On". Lopez stated: "I'd dance in a piece-of-garbage rap or pop video for 50 bucks and make the money last a whole month." Her most high-profile job as a professional dancer was as a Fly Girl jazz-funk dancer on the sketch comedy television series In Living Color. The show's choreographer, Rosie Perez said she chose Lopez because "she had that look that I knew the audience would tune in to". Lopez moved to Los Angeles in late 1991 for the job; she filmed In Living Color during the day and attended acting classes taught by Aaron Speiser at night. Lopez felt ostracized by the other Fly Girls because of her "voluptuous figure", and also clashed with Perez. The head of Virgin Records considered signing The Fly Girls as a girl group to rival the Spice Girls, but the deal fell apart. After appearing as a Fly Girl in seasons three and four of In Living Color, Lopez left to work as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson, and appeared in the music video for "That's the Way Love Goes". She was scheduled to tour with Jackson on her Janet World Tour in late 1993 but opted to pursue an acting career instead. Lopez hired In Living Color producer Eric Gold as her manager. He advised Lopez to lose weight if she wanted to succeed as an actress. Lopez's first professional acting job was a small recurring role on the television show South Central . She was invited to audition for the pilot by a casting director who had seen her speak to camera during a behind-the-scenes In Living Color segment. She then acquired an agent and was cast in the CBS show Second Chances; the series was quickly cancelled, but her popularity with viewers led to her being cast in its spin-off Hotel Malibu. She subsequently appeared in the television film Lost in the Wild . For her first major movie role, in Gregory Nava's 1995 drama Mi Familia, Lopez received a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actress. She then starred in the action comedy Money Train . The film was not a box office success, though her performance was reviewed positively, which led to her being further noticed in Hollywood. In 1996, Lopez had a supporting role opposite Robin Williams in the comedy Jack, which director Francis Ford Coppola cast her in after seeing her performance in Mi Familia. She next starred opposite Jack Nicholson in the neo-noir thriller Blood and Wine , where David Rooney of Variety felt she delivered in "juggling" the "smoldering and soulful sides" of the character. 1997–1999: Breakthrough with Selena and On the 6 With her casting as the singer Selena Quintanilla-Pérez in the biopic Selena , Lopez became the first Latina actress to earn $1 million. She described her salary for the film as a "statement to the world", but expressed disappointment that other Latina actors were not being afforded the same opportunities. Despite having previously worked with the film's director Gregory Nava on Mi Familia, Lopez participated in an intense auditioning process and spent time with the late singer's family in Corpus Christi, Texas before filming began. Selena was a box office hit, and Lopez's performance received critical acclaim. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times described it as "a star-making performance" and wrote: "She has the star presence to look convincing in front of 100,000 fans." Lopez received her first Golden Globe nomination for the performance. Nava asked the heads of Warner Bros. to fund an Academy Award campaign for Lopez but was told the Academy would "never nominate a Latina." Later in 1997, Lopez starred opposite Ice Cube in the horror film Anaconda, which received negative reviews from critics but was a box office success. Joe Leydon of Variety found the film "silly" but said it deserved "a little credit" for being "the first movie of its kind to have a Latina and an African-American" as its stars. In the crime film U Turn , Lopez appeared topless in a sex scene that was added by director Oliver Stone during filming. Speaking in 2003, Lopez said it was not something "I would have chosen to do" and that she and Stone fought over it: "It's hard being the only woman on a set." Lopez starred opposite George Clooney in the crime caper Out of Sight , Steven Soderbergh's adaptation of the Elmore Leonard 1996 novel. Cast as a deputy federal marshal who falls for a charming criminal, she won rave reviews for her performance. Janet Maslin of The New York Times described it as her "best movie role thus far, and she brings it both seductiveness and grit; if it was hard to imagine a hard-working, pistol-packing bombshell on the page, it couldn't be easier here." Turan of the Los Angeles Times described Lopez as "an actress who can be convincingly tough and devastatingly erotic" and said the film solidified "her position as a woman you can confidently build a film around." In 2021, Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian named Lopez and Clooney's partnership as one of the best examples of on-screen chemistry in cinema history. Also in 1998, Lopez provided the voice of Azteca in the animated film Antz, and ventured into product endorsement, becoming a national spokesperson for Coca-Cola and L'Oréal. Lopez decided to pursue a music career after working on Selena, realizing that she had missed "the excitement of the stage". Her new manager Benny Medina sought to position her as "a brand name that will cross over into all media." Lopez, who was "really feeling [her] Latin roots", recorded a Spanish-language demo for circulation among prospective labels. With Lopez being a high-profile personality, a bidding war ensued. Tommy Mottola, the head of Sony Music's Work Group, signed her but suggested that she sing in English instead. Her record deal with Sony was described as "lucrative", having outbid other offers from Capitol Records and EMI Latin. While Lopez worked on her debut album, Sony "began a major push" to feature her with other high-profile entertainers, leading her to appear in the Sean Combs music video "Been Around the World" . Her debut album, On the 6 , named after the 6 Subway line which connected her childhood home in the Bronx to Manhattan, was met with positive reviews and further propelled her public profile. The album was a success and Lopez's debut single, "If You Had My Love", topped the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks, with another single, "Waiting for Tonight", reaching number eight and becoming a celebratory anthem for the new millennium. Other singles from the album included "Let's Get Loud", which became one of Lopez's signature songs, and "No Me Ames", a duet with future husband Marc Anthony. In July 1999, she performed "If You Had My Love" and "Let's Get Loud" at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup closing ceremony. It was watched by over one billion viewers worldwide, exposing Lopez's music career to a larger international audience. 2000–2002: International success In February 2000, Lopez and then-boyfriend Sean Combs attended the Grammy Awards, with Lopez wearing a plunging green Versace silk chiffon dress. The dress generated worldwide attention and became the most popular search query in Google's history, leading to the creation of Google Images, while boosting Lopez's album and movie ticket sales. Later that year, Lopez starred in the psychological thriller The Cell, for which she received a $4 million salary. The film, where Lopez played a psychologist who uses radical experimental therapy to enter the mind of a killer, received mixed reviews but was a box office success. David Edelstein of Slate remarked that the "imperious" Lopez was "trying to look waifishly expectant" while Amy Taubin of The Village Voice noted that she appeared to be engaged "in some kind of pouting competition" "in lieu of acting." Lopez became the first woman to have a number-one film and album simultaneously in January 2001, with the release of her second album, J.Lo, and her romantic comedy The Wedding Planner, which co-stars Matthew McConaughey. The Wedding Planner received highly negative reviews but became a box office success. Jessica Winter of The Village Voice found Lopez miscast as a "buttoned down, celibate" woman in the film. Lopez titled her album J.Lo after the nickname which her fans and the media had been increasingly referring to her as. She also adopted J.Lo as her stagename. J.Lo received polarized reviews from critics but became the most successful album of her career, selling 12 million copies worldwide. It included the singles "Love Don't Cost a Thing", which reached number one in various countries, "I'm Real" featuring Ja Rule, which peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100, "Ain't It Funny", and "Play". In support of the album, Lopez performed two-concert residency in Puerto Rico, which was later broadcast in November 2001 as an NBC special, Jennifer Lopez in Concert. It was one of the most-watched concert specials of the year in the United States, with an audience of almost 12 million. In other 2001 work, Lopez launched her first business venture, the clothing line J.Lo by Jennifer Lopez. The line catered to women of all sizes, as Lopez felt "the voluptuous woman [was] almost ignored" in the fashion industry. She also founded her production company, Nuyorican Productions, with manager Benny Medina. Her next film was the romantic drama Angel Eyes, starring opposite Jim Caviezel. Lopez's performance was well-reviewed, though the film was a critical and commercial disappointment. She was slated to star alongside Ricky Martin in a remake of Elvis Presley's Viva Las Vegas, but this did not eventuate. Lopez released two albums in 2002. The first was J to tha L–O! The Remixes, which became the first remix album in history to debut at number one on the Billboard 200. Its singles included "Ain't It Funny " and "I'm Gonna Be Alright", which reached number one and ten on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively. Lopez's third studio album, This Is Me... Then, was released in late 2002, and was heavily influenced by her relationship with then-fiancé Ben Affleck. It received mixed critical reviews; Billboard's Michael Paoletta noted the "considerable growth she reveals as a performer and tunesmith" on the album, while Jon Caramanica called it "the least interesting music on the pop charts today." The album became a commercial success, achieving the highest opening sales week of her career. The album's lead single, "Jenny from the Block", which peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, was viewed as a response to the notion that Lopez had alienated her "core fan base: the black and Hispanic hip-hop community." The album also spawned the number-one single "All I Have". Lopez starred as an abused wife who fights back in the thriller Enough , a role which required her to learn Krav Maga. An overworked Lopez suffered a nervous breakdown in 2001 while filming it. The film received negative reviews; Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times felt it was "tacky material" and was surprised to see "an actress like Jennifer Lopez" involved with the project. Her next film was the romantic comedy, Maid in Manhattan , in which Lopez starred opposite Ralph Fiennes as a maid and single mother from the Bronx. It became the highest-grossing film of her career. Reviewing Maid in Manhattan, A. O. Scott of The New York Times enjoyed Lopez as a romantic lead and said "her greatest skill as an actress" was "her ability to melt without cracking the hard shell of composure she wears." In 2002 business ventures, Lopez opened Madre's, a Los Angeles restaurant serving Latin cuisine, and released her first fragrance, Glow by JLo. It became the top-selling fragrance in the U.S. 2003–2009: Media scrutiny and career downturn Lopez became the subject of widespread media criticism in 2003 due to her public relationship with Ben Affleck and the tabloid depiction of her as a demanding diva. She fired both her personal manager Benny Medina and her publicist in mid-2003; The New York Times reported that movie executives had become frustrated by having their communications with Lopez "largely filtered" through Medina. That year, Lopez starred opposite Affleck in the romantic comedy Gigli, which was a box-office bomb and is considered one of the worst films of all time. Rex Reed of The Observer criticized the lead actors, calling them "pathetically incompetent" in both "craft and talent". Roger Ebert agreed that the movie "doesn't quite work", but found Lopez and Affleck "appealing in their performances" and noted the couple's chemistry. Later in 2003, she released her second fragrance Still Jennifer Lopez, and became the face of Louis Vuitton's fall advertising campaign. Lopez had a minor role opposite Affleck in the film Jersey Girl . Following test audiences' negative reactions to the onscreen couple, her screen time was halved. Lopez later described this as the lowest point of her career and admitted she felt "eviscerated" by the media coverage surrounding Gigli: "I lost my sense of self, questioned if I belonged in this business, thought maybe I did suck at everything. And my relationship self-destructed in front of the entire world. It was a two-year thing for me until I picked myself up again." Months later, she starred opposite Richard Gere in the romantic comedy-drama Shall We Dance?, which was a box-office success. Lopez's clothing lines and two fragrances generated over $300 million in revenue throughout 2004. The marketing for the romantic comedy Monster-in-Law , in which Lopez starred opposite Jane Fonda, played up her "Gigli-and-tabloid tarnished image", and it became a box office success. She released her fourth studio album, Rebirth, in early 2005. Its title was symbolic of Lopez's hopes for "a new professional beginning". It was recorded during a period where Lopez felt "a little bit lost, trying to get my footing in a new life", "I had just gotten married [to singer Marc Anthony] ... I wasn't with Benny [Medina]." In a review of Rebirth, journalist Alexis Petridis remarked that the title "suggests even Lopez has realised that something is amiss with her career ... Despite the highlights, you're still left pondering the question: what happened to Jennifer Lopez?" The album reached number two on the Billboard 200, but failed to replicate the sales of her previous albums. Its lead single, "Get Right", however, reached number twelve on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming one of her most successful songs. Also in 2005, Lopez launched her second fashion label, Sweetface, which was geared towards "high fashion" in comparison, and appeared in a Kill Bill-inspired Pepsi commercial with Beyoncé and David Beckham. The next year, she returned to the top five of the Billboard Hot 100 as a featured artist on "Control Myself", the lead single from LL Cool J's twelfth studio album. Lopez's next three movie projects were box office failures. She starred alongside Robert Redford and Morgan Freeman in the drama An Unfinished Life . Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times predicted that the typical review would be unkind: "It will have no respect for Jennifer Lopez, because she is going through a period right now when nobody is satisfied with anything she does ... Give Lopez your permission to be good again; she is the same actress now as when we thought her so new and fine." In 2006, she reunited with director Gregory Nava to star in the crime drama Bordertown as a journalist investigating female homicides in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico. The film was negatively reviewed and received a direct-to-video release. David D'Arcy of Screen Daily found Lopez "unconvincing" as a journalist. In 2007, she starred opposite her then-husband Marc Anthony in the music biopic El Cantante, which told the story of Puerto Rican salsa singer Héctor Lavoe and his wife Puchi. It did not perform well at the box office and received mixed reviews from film critics; Lopez's performance, which she expressed pride in, drew both praise and criticism. Lopez released two studio albums in 2007. Her fifth album, Como Ama una Mujer, was her first to be recorded entirely in Spanish. Chris Willman of Entertainment Weekly acknowledged that the album offered "fairly persuasive proof" that Lopez can sing, but was unimpressed by the "flaccid torch songs." It became the fifth Spanish album to debut in the top ten of the Billboard 200, and achieved the highest first-week sales for an artist's debut Spanish album at the time. The lead single, "Qué Hiciste", reached number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100 while the second single, "Me Haces Falta", failed to chart. Lopez's sixth studio album, Brave, released later that year, was her lowest-charting album worldwide. Jonathan Bernstein of Entertainment Weekly was disappointed that Lopez had returned to "listless vocals" for her "back-to-the-dance-floor album." The album debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and produced two singles, "Do It Well" and "Hold It Don't Drop It". The first peaked at number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, while the latter failed to chart. While pregnant with twins, Lopez embarked upon her first ever concert tour, a show co-headlined by Anthony, in September 2007; the tour was well received. She also created, produced and was featured in the MTV show DanceLife, which she described as a "passion project". After giving birth to twins in February 2008, Lopez took a career break. Her restaurant Madre's closed permanently, as did her two fashion lines. After rehiring former manager Medina, Lopez released two songs in late 2009, "Louboutins" and "Fresh Out of the Oven". The songs were intended for her seventh studio album but failed to make an appearance on the Billboard charts, leading to her departure from Sony Music and Epic Records. 2010–2015: American Idol and career revival Lopez's first theatrical role in three years was in the romantic comedy The Back-up Plan . Manohla Dargis of The New York Times was unimpressed by the movie and described Lopez as "an appealing screen presence with a disappointing big-screen track record. That's probably not all her fault: romantic roles for women often are the provenance of the bland or the blonde." A "big turning point" in Lopez's career came when she joined the judging panel of the singing competition series American Idol for its tenth season, replacing Simon Cowell. Despite being advised that it was a "huge gamble", she accepted the job, as she was "not getting offered a whole bunch of movies". Lopez's appearance on American Idol in 2011 returned her to prominence. Hannah Elliot of Forbes described it as "a remarkable comeback", writing: "Idol humanized her. Viewers who knew only an attention-grabbing siren met a hardworking, self-made, empathetic single mother, who got emotional when contestants did well and when they failed." Lopez subsequently experienced what Billboard called "the most impressive reality-TV-based rejuvenation of a music career ever." After signing a new recording contract with Island Records, her seventh studio album, Love?, was released in early 2011. While the album itself was a moderate commercial success, the single "On the Floor" was the year's highest-selling single by a female artist. It reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming her highest-charting single as a lead artist since "All I Have". The album produced two more singles, "I'm Into You" and "Papi", which did not achieve similar success . Around this time, Lopez became a brand ambassador for L'Oréal, Gilette Venus, Tous and Fiat. She also launched the Jennifer Lopez Collection, a clothing and homeware line with Tommy Hilfiger for Kohl's; the collection generated an estimated $3 billion in sales during its first year. Lopez returned as a judge for American Idol's eleventh season in 2012, earning a reported $20 million. That year, she released her greatest hits album, Dance Again... the Hits, to fulfil her contractual obligations with her former label Epic Records. Lopez, who was divorcing Anthony and navigating the "breakup of a family", felt as if the album's sole single, "Dance Again", had come to her at the "perfect moment". "Dance Again" reached number 17 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. Lopez launched the Dance Again World Tour, her first headlining concert tour, in mid-2012. It grossed over $1 million per show. Also that year, she launched Teeology, a luxury T-shirt brand. Lopez returned to the big screen in 2012, starring alongside an ensemble cast in the film What to Expect When You're Expecting, which is based on the 1984 book What to Expect When You're Expecting. Lopez voiced Shira, a saber tooth tiger, in the animated film, Ice Age: Continental Drift, the fourth film in the Ice Age franchise. Also in 2012, a talent show, ¡Q'Viva! The Chosen followed Lopez, Anthony, and director-choreographer Jamie King as they travelled across 21 countries in Latin America to find new talent for a Las Vegas show. In 2013, Lopez starred alongside Jason Statham in the crime thriller Parker, in which she played Leslie. Her performance earned positive reviews, with the Chicago Tribune commending the role for giving Lopez "an opportunity to be dramatic, romantic, funny, depressed, euphoric and violent. The audience stays with her all the way". That year, Lopez released the single "Live It Up", founded the mobile phone retail brand Viva Móvil, and was named chief creative officer of NuvoTV. She also served as an executive producer of the television series The Fosters , a show about a lesbian couple raising a family. Lopez's desire to work on the series was driven by her late aunt, who was gay. After a one-season absence, Lopez returned to American Idol for its thirteenth season, earning a reported $17.5 million. Her eighth studio album, A.K.A., was released in mid-2014 through Capitol Records, experiencing lacklustre sales, becoming her lowest-selling album in the U.S. The album produced three singles: "I Luh Ya Papi", featuring French Montana, "First Love", and "Booty", featuring Iggy Azalea. They reached 77, 87 and 18 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100. Also that year, Lopez released "We Are One ", the official song for the 2014 FIFA World Cup along with Pitbull and Claudia Leitte. Lopez partnered with Endless Jewelry on a range of jewelry, and released a book, True Love, which became a New York Times best-seller. 2015 saw the release of The Boy Next Door, an erotic thriller that Lopez both co-produced and starred in as a high school teacher who becomes involved with a student, which eventually leads to his dangerous obsession with her. The film received negative reviews from critics. Despite this, it became her most successful opening at the box office for a live action film since Monster-in-Law. Lopez had a voice role in the animated feature Home and contributed the single "Feel the Light" to the film's official soundtrack. She also starred in the independent drama film Lila & Eve, alongside Viola Davis. 2016–2021: Television work, Hustlers and Super Bowl LIV In January 2016, Lopez commenced a concert residency show, All I Have, at Planet Hollywood's Zappos Theater in Las Vegas. She performed 120 shows during the three-year run, grossing over $100 million in ticket sales. At the beginning of the residency, Lopez signed a multi-album deal with her former label Epic Records, and released "Ain't Your Mama", one of her most successful singles during the 2010s. Also in 2016, she began starring in NBC's crime drama series Shades of Blue, which she also executive produced. She played Harlee Santos, a single mother and police detective who goes undercover for the FBI to investigate her own squad. The series' premiere brought NBC its most-watched Thursday debut in seven years. Starring alongside Ray Liotta, Lopez's performance received critical praise. That year, she also reprised her voice role as Shira in the animated film Ice Age: Collision Course , and designed a capsule collection of shoes and jewelry in collaboration with Giuseppe Zanotti. Lopez was executive producer and judge on NBC's dance competition series World of Dance, which was a ratings success upon its May 2017 premiere. That year, Lopez released the singles "Ni Tú Ni Yo" and "Amor, Amor, Amor", which were intended to be included on her second Spanish-language album, Por Primera Vez, which was ultimately shelved. In late 2017, she was announced as the new face of clothing company Guess, becoming the oldest spokeswoman in the company's history. In 2018, Lopez released a string of Spanish and Spanglish singles: "Se Acabó el Amor", "El Anillo", "Dinero" featuring DJ Khaled and Cardi B, and "Te Guste" with Bad Bunny. Forbes noted that the songs were unable to "completely connect on a crossover, mainstream level", but were more successful on US-based Latin charts, nearly all of them reaching number one on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart. In collaboration with Inglot Cosmetics, she launched a limited-edition makeup collection. She later starred in and executive produced the comedy film Second Act , directed by Peter Segal; she also recorded the single "Limitless" for its soundtrack. Second Act earned mixed reviews from critics, but performed well at the box office, grossing $72.3 million during its theatrical run. In the first half of 2019, Lopez embarked on an international concert tour, It's My Party, to celebrate her 50th birthday. The tour grossed an estimated $54.7 million from thirty-eight shows. Variety reported that most shows were sold out. She also signed with new label Hitco Entertainment and released the single "Medicine" featuring French Montana. In other 2019 activities, she became the global face of the Coach brand, launched a collection of sunglasses with the brand Quay Australia, and modeled an updated version of her Green Versace dress at Milan Fashion Week. She also became executive producer of two television series, Good Trouble and Thanks a Million. Lopez executive produced and starred in the crime drama film Hustlers . Directed by Lorene Scafaria, the film is inspired by a true story, following a group of Manhattan strippers who con wealthy male Wall Street clientele. Lopez's portrayal of a veteran stripper in Hustlers garnered acclaim from critics, with some deeming it the best performance of her acting career. The film also gave Lopez her highest opening weekend at the box office for a live action film, grossing $33.2 million. Her performance received nominations for Best Supporting Actress at the Golden Globe Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, Critics' Choice Movie Awards and Independent Spirit Awards. The success of Hustlers was regarded by various media outlets as a comeback as an actress for Lopez. In February 2020, Lopez co-headlined the Super Bowl LIV halftime show in Miami, Florida alongside Shakira; the performance included an appearance by her child Emme Muñiz. The performance was widely praised and became the most-watched Super Bowl halftime show to date. Later that year, Lopez released the singles "Pa' Ti" with Maluma―which became her most successful song since 2017―and "In the Morning", before headlining the 2021 Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest special live from Times Square on ABC. In January 2021, she performed at the 2021 inauguration of President Joe Biden in Washington, D.C. In business, Lopez focused on investments and creating her own brands. She launched her skin care line, JLo Beauty, released a shoe collection in partnership with DSW, and invested in companies including Hims & Hers Health, Bodyarmor SuperDrink, Goli nutritional supplements and meal delivery service Wonder. In mid-2021, she signed a multi-year deal with Netflix to produce a range of films and television shows through her own Nuyorican Productions, and released the reggaeton Spanish single "Cambia el Paso" with Rauw Alejandro. 2022–present: Focus on film and This Is Me... Now Lopez co-produced and starred opposite Owen Wilson and Maluma in the romantic comedy Marry Me, which was released in February 2022. The film grossed over $50 million at the box office while becoming the most-streamed day-and-date film on Peacock, and received generally mixed reviews from critics. Lopez also released a soundtrack for the film, with Maluma, which generated the singles "On My Way" and "Marry Me". In March 2022, Lopez was appointed as the chief "entertainment and lifestyle" officer of the cruise line, Virgin Voyages. Her next project was the documentary Jennifer Lopez: Halftime, which focuses on her life following the release of Hustlers and in preparation for her Super Bowl performance. Released on Netflix in June 2022 following its premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival, it garnered generally positive reviews from film critics. In September, Lopez was announced as the global ambassador of Italian lingerie label Intimissimi. The following month, Jimmy Fallon and Lopez released a children's book, Con Pollo: A Bilingual Playtime Adventure, which became a New York Times best-seller. Lopez co-produced and starred opposite Josh Duhamel and Jennifer Coolidge in the action-comedy Shotgun Wedding, which was released on Amazon Prime Video in January 2023. It became one of the top-streamed films on Prime Video that year. She also led and co-produced the action thriller feature The Mother, directed by Niki Caro and released on Netflix in May 2023. The film received mixed reviews, but became the most-watched film on the platform in 2023 and one of the most-watched original films on the service of all time. That September, she entered a "recording and publishing" partnership with BMG Rights Management, in conjunction with her Nuyorican Productions. Lopez's business ventures in 2023 included: launching a spritz brand named Delola, a collaboration between her lifestyle brand J.Lo by Jennifer Lopez and fashion retailer Revolve, and a footwear line, JLO Jennifer Lopez, which was released as three collections in March, May, and June. Lopez's ninth studio album, This Is Me... Now, a sequel album to This Is Me... Then , was released by Nuyorican and BMG on February 16, 2024. The album formed part of a "three-part multimedia project" which included a companion musical film, This Is Me... Now: A Love Story directed by Dave Meyers, and a documentary, The Greatest Love Story Never Told, both of which were released on Prime Video. Lopez plays a fictionalized version of herself in A Love Story, which was described as an "autobiographical musical rom-com action sci-fi"; Tim Jonze of The Guardian suggested that Lopez had possibly invented the "therapy-musical biopic" genre. After potential partners backed out, Lopez financed the film herself for $20 million before Amazon subsequently purchased it. "Can't Get Enough" was released as the album's lead single, followed by "Rebound" featuring rapper Anuel AA. To promote the album, Lopez performed "Can't Get Enough" with Latto and Redman, and the album's title track on Saturday Night Live on February 3, 2024; she also conducted an exclusive concert at the Orpheum Theatre in LA, which was recorded and released as a concert film on Apple Music and Apple TV+ on February 21. Additionally, she released a lingerie collection with Intimissimi which was inspired by the album. In May 2024, Lopez co-hosted the annual Met Gala in Manhattan, marking her 14th attendance at the haute couture event. Also that month, she and Australian music producer Fisher released a "contemporary" remix of "Waiting for Tonight", 25 years after the song's release. Lopez was set to embark on the This Is Me... Live North American tour beginning June 2024, but cancelled it in order to spend more time with her family. Lopez co-produced and starred in the sci-fi thriller Atlas, the third project under her Netflix deal. Released in May 2024, Atlas received negative reviews from critics, but was successful on Netflix where it was the most-watched movie in 71 countries on its first day. In a positive review of the film, The New York Times praised Lopez's performance and called the film "an intriguing concept." Lopez starred alongside Jharrel Jerome in the biographical wrestling drama Unstoppable, based on the life of wrestler Anthony Robles, produced by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. The feature premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September, followed by a limited theatrical release in December 2024. Lopez portrayed Judy, Robles's mother, in the film; Owen Gleiberman of Variety called it "the fullest screen performance she has ever given". Upcoming projects Lopez starred in and executive produced the Bill Condon-directed Kiss of the Spider Woman, a film adaption of the Broadway 1993 musical of the same name. It is her first role in a full-fledged musical; filming occurred from April to May 2024 in New Jersey. Lopez will co-produce and star opposite Brett Goldstein in Netflix's Office Romance. She will also co-produce a series adaptation of Emily Henry's 2023 novel Happy Place for Netflix. She has also committed to lead and co-produce Netflix's film adaptation of the bestselling novel, The Cipher. Lopez has several projects in the works as a producer. Personal life Lopez was in a nearly decade-long relationship with David Cruz, her high-school boyfriend, until the mid-1990s. They were engaged at one point, and Cruz relocated to Los Angeles to be with her when she began pursuing her career. She later said of Cruz, "You get lucky, you have a first love like that." She was married to Cuban waiter Ojani Noa from February 1997 to January 1998. In subsequent court cases, Noa was prevented from publishing a book about their marriage and from using private honeymoon footage of Lopez in a documentary. Lopez was in an on-again, off-again relationship with record producer and rapper Sean Combs from 1999 to early 2001. On the night of December 27, 1999, Lopez, Combs and rapper Shyne were arrested and charged with criminal possession of a weapon and possession of stolen property, after leaving the scene of a shooting at a Times Square nightclub. Charges against Lopez were dropped within an hour while Combs was acquitted of all charges at trial in March 2001. They broke up shortly thereafter. Shyne was sentenced to ten years in prison. Lopez later said that, while she had "cared very much" about Combs, their "crazy, tumultuous" relationship "was always something I knew would end." She was married to Cris Judd, her former backup dancer, from September 2001 to January 2003. Before her divorce with Judd was finalized, Lopez was in a relationship with actor and filmmaker Ben Affleck from mid-2002 to early 2004. Although they had crossed paths several times before , their first major meeting was on the set of Gigli in December 2001. They later worked together on the music video for "Jenny from the Block" and the film Jersey Girl . Her album This Is Me... Then was dedicated to and inspired by Affleck. Their relationship was extensively publicized. Tabloids referred to the couple as "Bennifer", a portmanteau Vanity Fair described as "the first of that sort of tabloid branding". They became engaged in November 2002, but their planned wedding on September 14, 2003, was postponed with four days' notice because of "excessive media attention". They ended their engagement in January 2004. Years later, Lopez said Affleck's discomfort with media scrutiny was one reason for their split and described it as her "first real heartbreak": "I think different time, different thing, who knows what could've happened, but there was a genuine love there." After her relationship with Affleck, Lopez stopped discussing her personal life in interviews. She was married to singer Marc Anthony from June 2004 to June 2014; they had previously worked together and dated for a few months in the late 1990s. Their wedding took place five months after the end of her relationship with Affleck. During their marriage, they collaborated on music and performed together, as well as co-starring in El Cantante . Lopez gave birth to fraternal twins, a boy and a girl, on Long Island in February 2008. People paid a reported US$6 million for the first photographs of the twins, making them the most expensive celebrity pictures ever taken at the time. In 2009, Anthony and Lopez purchased a stake in the Miami Dolphins. They announced their separation in July 2011. Anthony filed for divorce in April 2012 and it was finalized in June 2014. Lopez retained primary physical custody of the two children. Lopez occasionally performs with her daughter. Lopez had an on-again, off-again relationship with her former backup dancer Casper Smart from October 2011 to August 2016. She dated New York Yankees baseball player Alex Rodriguez from February 2017 to early 2021. They became engaged in March 2019 but postponed their wedding twice due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to tabloid speculation about the state of their relationship, they released a statement in March 2021, saying they were "working through some things". They announced the end of their relationship in April 2021. In April 2021, Lopez and Affleck were reported to be dating again, with Lopez publicly confirming their rekindled relationship that July. In April 2022, Lopez announced their second engagement, 20 years after the first proposal. They were married in Las Vegas on July 16, 2022, and held a wedding celebration for family and friends the following month. On August 20, 2024, Lopez filed for divorce from Affleck, citing April 26, 2024, as the date of their separation. She also requested that her legal name be changed back to Jennifer Lynn Lopez. On January 6, 2025, the divorce was finalized. Other ventures Philanthropy Following the September 11 attacks, Lopez was heavily involved in charitable activities. Joining other artists, she was featured on charitable singles such as "What's Going On" and "El Ultimo Adios ", which benefited people affected by the tragedy. In February 2007, Lopez was honored with the Artists for Amnesty prize by Amnesty International for her work in Bordertown, which shed light on the hundreds of feminicides in Ciudad Juárez. Lopez described it as "one of the world's most shocking and disturbing, underreported crimes against humanity". That year, one dollar from each ticket sold at Lopez and Anthony's co-headlining North American concert tour, which grossed an estimated $10 million, was donated to the Run for Something Better program, which fights childhood obesity. Lopez has been a long-time supporter of the Children's Hospital Los Angeles. Her album Rebirth is dedicated to Paige Peterson, an eleven-year-old cancer patient she befriended at the hospital who died in 2004. Lopez stated that "[she doesn't] like to do [her] charity work in public. That's not what you do it for." In 2009, Lopez launched the Lopez Family Foundation alongside her sister, Lynda. The organization works to increase healthcare access for underprivileged women and children, including through a telemedicine program in partnership with the Children's Hospital Los Angeles. The foundation has facilitated the expansion of medical facilities in Panama and Puerto Rico, and created the Center for a Healthy Childhood at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx. In December 2012, Lopez held a charity drive to benefit her three favorite charities: the Gloria Wise Boys and Girls Club, the Children's Hospital Los Angeles and the American Red Cross, mainly benefiting victims of Hurricane Sandy. In May 2015, she became the first celebrity spokesperson for the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals and the BC Children's Hospital Foundation , appearing in a campaign entitled "Put Your Money Where the Miracles Are". That September, she became the first Global Advocate for Girls and Women at the United Nations Foundation. This role sees her mobilizing action to address issues including maternal health care programs, education and violence against women. In September 2017, following Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria, Lopez donated $1 million from the proceeds of her Las Vegas residency to humanitarian aid for Puerto Rico. Along with Marc Anthony, she launched a humanitarian relief campaign entitled Somos Una Voz , an effort supported by various celebrities to rush supplies to areas affected by Hurricane Maria. Lopez and Anthony presented a subsequent concert and telethon for disaster relief, "One Voice: Somos Live!", which raised over $35 million. She was also among various artists featured on Lin-Manuel Miranda's charity single "Almost Like Praying", which benefits Puerto Rico. As of 2021, Lopez continues to regularly donate to and support charities. In September 2021, she launched her own philanthropic organization, Limitless Labs, that supports and empowers Latina entrepreneurs and business owners. Lopez announced a partnership between the venture and the 10,000 Small Businesses initiative. In June 2022, Lopez and Limitless Labs partnered with nonprofit Grameen America as a national ambassador to empower women-led Latina businesses with $14 billion in business loans and "6 million hours of financial education and training by 2030." Lopez has performed at charity concerts throughout her career, including the Los Angeles Dodgers Foundation's Blue Diamond Gala in 2022, which raised $3.6 million for education, health care, homelessness and social justice causes. Political views and activism A supporter of the Democratic Party, Lopez has a long history of backing Democratic candidates for public office. She endorsed President Barack Obama in his 2012 presidential campaign, speaking in television advertisements and attending fundraising events for Obama. She endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in 2016, headlining a free concert in Florida in support of her that October. Lopez has been critical of President Donald Trump. During her Super Bowl halftime show performance in 2020, she performed her song "Let's Get Loud" while cloaked in a large Puerto Rican flag, with children in metal cages displayed on the field. It was interpreted as a statement about the Mexico–United States border crisis and Trump's immigration policy. The NFL attempted to remove the cages from the performance but Lopez refused. She endorsed President Joe Biden in his 2020 presidential campaign. She later performed at Biden's 2021 inauguration, where she sang "This Land Is Your Land" and "America the Beautiful", while reciting the last phrase of the Pledge of Allegiance in Spanish. She also worked "Let's Get Loud" into the performance as a "reprise" to her political message at the Super Bowl. Lopez endorsed Kamala Harris during her 2024 presidential campaign. She spoke at a Las Vegas rally for Harris, pushing back on remarks made at Trump's rally at Madison Square Garden which were deemed offensive to Puerto Ricans. Lopez is an avid supporter of LGBT rights, and has raised millions of dollars for HIV/AIDS research. In June 2013, amfAR presented her with its humanitarian award for her philanthropic work. That September, she was awarded the Ally for Equality award presented by the Human Rights Campaign, for her support of the LGBT community. The following year, she received the GLAAD Vanguard Award. In July 2016, Lopez released a single entitled "Love Make the World Go Round", a collaboration with Lin-Manuel Miranda, which benefits victims of the Orlando nightclub shooting. She was also featured on the song "Hands" along with numerous other artists, also benefiting those affected by the Orlando shooting. Lopez signed an open letter from Billboard magazine to the United States Congress in 2016, which demanded action on gun control. In June 2020, Lopez attended a Black Lives Matter movement protest in Los Angeles, in connection with the broader George Floyd protests. Lopez has also been an active advocate for the Time's Up movement. In January 2022, she became one of the co-chairs for Michelle Obama's When We All Vote. She expressed solidarity with the people of the Gaza Strip during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. As part of a group called Artists4Ceasefire, she signed a letter urging President Joe Biden to call for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza. Artistry Influences Lopez has cited Madonna as her "first big musical influence", explaining "It was all about Madonna for me. She inspired me to want to sing, to dance, to work hard." Her other major influences include Tina Turner, James Brown, and Michael Jackson. Another major influence on Lopez is Barbra Streisand, stating that, "watching her career over the years, watching her sing and act and direct, was very inspiring to me." Lopez has cited Janet Jackson as a major inspiration for her own dance and videos, stating that she "probably started dancing" because of Jackson's music video for "The Pleasure Principle". She also looked to the careers of Cher, Bette Middler and Diana Ross, and has been inspired by younger artists such as Lady Gaga. Growing up, she was influenced by Latin music styles ranging from salsa to bachata, and artists including Celia Cruz and Tito Puente. However, it was the hip hop song "Rapper's Delight" by The Sugarhill Gang that she said changed her life. Another key inspiration for Lopez in her youth was Puerto Rican actress Rita Moreno's performance in the musical film West Side Story . Moreno was the only performer Lopez was able to identify with, at a time when Latinos were rarely on television. Musical style Musically, Lopez is described as a "chameleon" by outlets like Variety and Forbes, having been known to experiment and jump between genres. Her music strongly identifies with hip hop while exploring the "romantic innocence" of Latin music. Billboard observed that she has "never been one to downplay her Latinidad, and always makes sure to display it" in her music, "regardless of genre". On the 6 and J.Lo, described by Lopez as Latin soul, fuse a wide range of Latin genres with R&B and hip hop, while also containing dance-pop. While mostly English, the albums include some Spanish and bilingual songs such as "Cariño", with Lopez also speaking in Spanish and asserting her Latin identity on songs like "Let's Get Loud". A departure from her previous work, This Is Me... Then blends 1970s soul with "streetwise" hip hop. Rebirth was noted for its "relaxing" atmosphere, while Como Ama una Mujer was characterized as "silkily Spanish Sade worship". Described as autobiographical, much of Lopez's music has centered around the "ups and downs" of love. Lyrically, This Is Me... Then is largely focused on her relationship with Ben Affleck, with the song "Dear Ben" being described as the album's "glowing centerpiece". Its sequel album, This Is Me... Now, was informed by her reunion and marriage with Affleck; Lopez called it an "emotional, spiritual, and psychological journey of the past two decades". Como Ama una Mujer features introspective lyrics about romance, heartache and self-loathing. Regarding Love?, Lopez stated: "There's still so much to learn and that's why the question mark." Other recurrent themes in Lopez's music have included her upbringing in the Bronx, social class and women's empowerment. Lopez has received mixed reviews for her "light" soubrette voice, which critics have deemed limited, "radio-friendly" and overshadowed by her music's production. With On the 6, The Baltimore Sun regarded Lopez as having a "breathy" stylistic range but lacking personality, while Rolling Stone remarked: "Instead of strained vocal pyrotechnics, Lopez sticks to the understated R&B murmur of a round-the-way superstar who doesn't need to belt because she knows you're already paying attention ... She makes a little va-va and a whole lot of voom go a long way." In reviewing Love?, AllMusic called her voice "slight" and wrote: "Lopez was never, ever about singing; she was about style". Pitchfork described her "notoriously serviceable, airy and light" voice as being "stronger than ever" on This Is Me... Now, while noting that "the thinness of the voice has often been beside the point, if not a boon to her early career", which was marked by "Bronx regularness". Lopez has been criticized for her use of background vocals from demo singers, prompting rumors of ghost singers' vocals being used in place of her own. The rumors have been debunked by producers and background singers who worked with Lopez. Christina Milian, who is credited as a writer and background singer on "Play", called the controversy "funny" and said: "It's no different than Michael Jackson having background singers on songs or Britney Spears. This is what music is made of." Dance, videos and stage Considered one of dance's "greatest success stories", Lopez has received praise for her highly choreographed dancing, and is noted for her technical skill. Lopez, who felt an emotional connection to dance since her youth, has been trained in a range of dance styles, including ballet, jazz, flamenco, ballroom, pole dancing, breakdancing, street dance, and hip hop. A dominant figure on MTV since early in her career, she is known for her body-emphasizing music videos and provocative choreography. CNN's Holly Thomas stated that "Lopez's years of professional dance experience gave her a captivating, commanding presence in her videos." Madeline Roth of MTV wrote: "Her diverse videography encompasses some of the most memorable visuals of the 21st century", with Rolling Stone writer Brittany Spanos observing that her "dancing skills and ability to toy with her own celebrity have made her videos an important part of the new millennium's pop canon". Her videography has sometimes attracted controversy for its sexual suggestiveness, and has been noted for its influence on 2000s fashion trends. On stage, Lopez is recognized for her showmanship, sex appeal, and costumes, which often include bodysuits. Author Priscilla Peña Ovalle stated in Dance and the Hollywood Latina: Race, Sex and Stardom that Lopez was one of the Latin stars who "used dance to gain agency as working performers with mainstream careers, yet many of their roles paradoxically racialized and sexualized their bodies". Troy Patterson of Entertainment Weekly also observed that she used her body for emphasis on stage, "She turned herself out as the fly girl hyperversion of postfeminist power, flaunting her control by toying with the threat of excess. In consequence, her star went supernova." Her signature movements include "clock-wise pivoting with salsa hip circles and sequential torso undulations". While being noted to lip sync in the early stages of career, Lopez's Dance Again World Tour was praised for showcasing live vocals and choreography synchronously. In a review of her Las Vegas residency All I Have, Los Angeles Times writer Nolan Feeney remarked that her dancing is "undoubtedly the centerpiece of the show". Her provocative stage performances have also drawn scrutiny at times. Robin Givhan of The Daily Beast criticized Lopez's performance at the 2011 American Music Awards where she wore a nude bodysuit, stating that it "cried out for attention in all the wrong ways" and was "banal exhibitionism". In May 2013, her performance on the finale of the television series Britain's Got Talent was deemed inappropriate for family-friendly television, and drew viewer complaints to Ofcom. Following her controversial performance at the musical festival Mawazine in 2015, Moroccan Prime Minister Abdelilah Benkirane called it "indecent" and "disgraceful", while an education group claimed that she "disturbed public order and tarnished women's honor and respect". Acting and screen Lopez's films often see her playing "relatable everywomen", with Cady Lang of Time writing: "A longtime hallmark of Lopez's filmography is her penchant for stories about survivors. Her characters are never shrinking violets." Discussing the roles she is drawn to, Lopez said in 1998: "I don't think of them as strong women ... I like characters that are really part of the story as opposed to window dressing, but I think the interesting thing is that they are real people. Nobody walks around being strong all the time." Film critic Stephanie Zacharek described Lopez as "one of the most gifted and appealing performers of the past two decades ... and yet the movies have rarely known what to do with her and her significant gifts as an actor." While Lopez received acclaim for her early film work, The New York Times writer Kyle Buchanan noted that her tendency to star in romantic comedies, and her pop music career, "lowered her critical bona fides". Taylor Hackford, who directed Lopez in Parker, said she "can really act": "She knows how to transmit nuances, to make the subtlest of shifts. Does she have humor? Yes. But at the same time she can get into the deepest dramatic areas." Lopez, who identifies the romantic comedy as her favorite film genre, has been referred to as the "Patron Saint of Romantic Comedies" and the "Queen of Romantic Comedies". In her early films, Lopez played stereotypical roles which signified her as a "racialized, exoticized" other. In films such as Blood and Wine and U Turn, her body is fetishized "through extreme close-ups" and "framed as animalistic, primitive, and irresistibly dangerous to the Anglo American male characters." This shifted with her role in Selena, which "affirmed her Latinx identity, and won her the loyalty of that significant section of the U.S. and global audience." She has also been criticized for playing ethnically ambiguous parts and tapping into "the ability to perform a panethnic other" to commodify herself. Her role as an Italian woman in The Wedding Planner has been described as "a case of classic Hollywood whitewashing." Public image Lopez has been a polarizing figure in popular culture. Andrew Barker of Variety writes that she "exhibits a plethora of contradictions", observing: "Despite a carefully cultivated image as an imperious pop empress in ludicrously expensive outfits, her signature hits bear the titles 'I'm Real' and 'Jenny From the Block'." In 2002, Lynette Holloway of The New York Times described Lopez's image as including "a dash of ghetto fabulousness" and "middle-class respectability" for mass appeal. The media discerned a shift in her public image upon joining American Idol in 2011, with Entertainment Weekly writing: "Gone was her old cut-a-bitch swagger; J. Lo 2.0 is an all-embracing, Oprahfied earth madre." People editor Peter Castro said American Idol made Lopez "a celebrity of the people" whereas before, "there was a huge distance with the American public." Lopez is widely celebrated for her curvaceous hourglass figure, which earned her the nickname La Guitarra . Vanity Fair described her buttocks as "in and of themselves, a cultural icon". Recounting her experience on early films, Lopez stated: "I've always had costume people looking at me a little weary and immediately fitting me out with things to hide my bottom." She often wears revealing outfits to accentuate her curves. Author Mary Beltrán opined that for Lopez to "unashamedly display her well-endowed posterior during this time period" could be viewed as "a revolutionary act with respect to Anglo beauty ideals". However, she was also criticized for perceived changes in her image upon launching her music career, which included "weight loss and lightening her hair". Considered a fashion icon, Lopez is known for her sense of style and "breaking fashion rules". She is recognized for both her "bold" red carpet fashion, including fourteen appearances at the haute couture Met Gala in New York City, and her everyday street style, which is "discussed ad infinitum by the fashion press." British Vogue said she "added megawatt glamour to every outfit she wore", with Billboard describing her style as "scantily clad". Lopez's style has been influenced by "women who epitomize old Hollywood glamour like Rita Hayworth", as well as her Bronx upbringing and Nuyorican identity. Described as the "ultimate sex symbol" of the early 21st century, various publications have ranked her as the most beautiful or sexiest woman in the world, including People, People en Español, Vibe, Details, and FHM, with Lopez topping the latter's 100 Sexiest Women list twice. Lopez has criticized "this funny notion in America that you can't be a mom and be sexy", stating: "The truth is that women can be sexy until the day they die." She has a large following on social media, being the 14th most-followed individual on Instagram and having one of the 50 most-followed accounts on Twitter. On the Recording Industry Association of America 's "Music Fuels" ranking, Lopez is the eighth-most-followed musician across Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. She is the richest Latin actress, with an estimated net worth of US$400 million. Described as "one of the most photographed women in the world", Lopez has long been a tabloid fixture, and admits to having a "less-than-perfect" public image. Frances Negrón-Muntaner wrote that by 1999, "Internet chat rooms exploded with anti-Lopez babble" and she became "one of the easiest moving targets for cheap laughs as well as anxieties about working-class 'loud' sexuality and specifically Latino visibility." Much of the media coverage surrounding Lopez in the 2000s "focused on her dramatic private life", with several writers describing her as overexposed at the time, despite her continued success. Media outlets often liken her to actress Elizabeth Taylor, due to her numerous failed relationships and glamorous public persona. Her high-profile relationship with Combs was described as having "defined an age", with Vanity Fair writing that they entered "the pantheon of slightly notorious celebrity couples: Liz and Dick, Frank and Ava." Throughout her career, she has also received a bad reputation as being a demanding and outspoken "diva", something which she denies, stating: "I've always been fascinated by how much more well-behaved we have to be than men." Some of the backlash and fabricated tabloid stories surrounding Lopez have been attributed to her 1998 interview with Movieline, in which she was quoted as criticizing various actors and directors. Lopez, who "cried for hours" after the article was published, said the comments were made in jest and she was "so misquoted and so taken out of context". In 2003, Lawrence Donegan of The Guardian posited that "indefensible" misogyny and racism were to blame for her position as "the most vilified woman in modern popular culture". In 2021, Ben Affleck said: "People were so fucking mean about her; sexist, racist, ugly vicious shit was written about her in ways that if you wrote it now, you would literally be fired for saying some of the things you said." Legacy and cultural impact Entertainment industry Lopez is regarded as one of the most influential Latin entertainers of all time, credited with breaking racial barriers in the entertainment industry. She was described as "the first Latina superstar" by writer Ned Zeman, and the "embodiment of the American Dream" by Robert C. Cottrell in Icons of American Popular Culture . Often dubbed the "Queen of Dance", she is considered a triple threat performer, and was one of few actors to successfully cross over into music. Rachel Sklar of The Huffington Post called Lopez a trailblazer, writing: "Beyoncé, Miley, Gaga, any actress who's ever released an album — they are all standing on the shoulders of J.Lo. She was a true triple threat — actress, singer, dancer ... and packaged it sometimes outrageously but always sexily." Lopez is considered a pop icon, with VH1 ranking her at number 15 on their list of 200 Greatest Pop Culture Icons, number 16 on 100 Greatest Women In Music, and number 21 on 50 Greatest Women of the Video Era. The highest-paid Latina actress in history, Lopez's film career has been credited with paving the way for greater representation of Latino Americans in Hollywood, which was historically a "whites-only preserve". Biographer Kathleen Tracy opined that "Lopez blazed a trail no openly Latin actress had gone before", noting that previous Latina stars cosmetically downplayed their ethnicity and changed their names. With Out of Sight , she achieved "ethnic 'blind' casting", making her an "anomaly in the traditionally white space" of mainstream Hollywood. By deliberately avoiding stereotypical roles, biographer James Robert Parish said Lopez "helped minimize racial boundaries in show business." Her perceived Academy Award snub for Hustlers was referenced by Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti when announcing a new initiative for Latino representation in Hollywood. With her musical debut, Lopez contributed to the 1990s "Latin explosion" in entertainment; The Recording Academy called her the "breakout female star" of the Latin pop movement in American music. Historian Roger Bruns considered her "an influential force in driving a growing Latin cultural influence in popular music" at the time. Her career ascent has been credited with paving the way for American-born Latina pop artists including Selena Gomez and Becky G, and for Latin American pop artists to venture into English music, including Shakira, Thalía and Paulina Rubio. Along with Ricky Martin, she helped increase the visibility of Latin music in international markets including East Asia and Canada. Due to her "multi-tasking career", she has been described as "the next-generation Madonna", and "the first woman to demonstrate that a Madonna could be a Latina". Lopez's music has been credited with helping influence the trajectory of 2000s music, including dance music, Latin music, R&B, and pop rap collaborations. Billboard named her the Greatest Pop Star of the year 2001. Scholar Miriam Jiménez Román suggested that Lopez, who represents the "often-suppressed" history of Puerto Ricans in hip hop culture, was "able to traverse the difficult racial boundaries". In 2011, following her return to prominence, Lopez was deemed the "world's greatest musical comeback act", based on a study which analysed over one billion Google searches since 2004. In 2019, she was named among the most powerful people in entertainment by The Hollywood Reporter. From 2022 to 2024, Lopez was included in the magazine's Power 100 list, as one of the most powerful women in entertainment. In July 2023, Madame Tussauds New York unveiled a wax figure of Lopez inspired by her performance at the Super Bowl LIV halftime show. In 2024, Billboard included Lopez among the honorable mentions of its 25 Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century listicle; the magazine stated that "no one defined celebrity at the beginning of the 21st century quite like [Lopez]" and that she "helped define an era where hip-hop, R&B and pop all got more cuddly together than ever before". Cultural influence Lopez was named one of Time's 100 most influential people in the world in 2018. In 2012, Forbes ranked her as the world's most powerful celebrity and the 38th most powerful woman. Latina magazine founder Christy Haubegger attributed Lopez's influence to her being "the first icon that generationally fits" young Latino Americans who followed celebrity culture. Lopez was featured on the first cover of Latina in 1996, with editor Galina Espinoza writing in 2011 that there is "no recounting of modern Latina history without Jennifer". Jonathan Van Meter of Vogue described Lopez as having "changed the face of modern celebrity." Her ability to start trends has prompted the usage of the phrase "the J.Lo effect" in popular culture, which has been used in various different contexts, including the trend of networks hiring "big name" judges for reality competition programs after Lopez's successful casting on American Idol. With her moniker J.Lo, Lopez started a trend of celebrities being given abbreviated nicknames, while "Bennifer" began the convention of celebrity couple name blending. Described by scholar Helene A. Shugart of the University of Utah as "arguably the most visible Latina in contemporary mainstream popular culture", Lopez has been the subject of considerable academic analysis, including in relation to ethnicity, class, "body politics", race, Latin culture, and gender. While credited with opening "the door to [Latino culture having a] broader appeal", Lopez has also been a polarizing figure, generating "often vehement disagreement about what is and isn't Latino." As a result of the public emphasis on her curvaceous figure, Lopez has been credited with influencing a shift in cultural beauty standards. The surge in popularity of buttock augmentation surgery in the early 2000s was attributed to Lopez. In Latin Sensations , Herón Marquez wrote: "Because she wasn't rail thin, Lopez had broken the mold ... Suddenly, it was okay for women to have hips, curves, and a big backside." This has been considered a sign of Lopez's social power in "changing cultural standards within the mainstream media as a whole". In 2014, scientists named a species of aquatic mite found in Puerto Rico, Litarachna lopezae, after Lopez. In Tok Pisin, a language spoken in Papua New Guinea, the term palopa is used to describe non-heteronormative people whose identities may correlate with western definitions of homosexual men or trans women; its etymology is derived from the name Jennifer Lopez. In 2019, she was presented with keys to the city of Miami Beach, with July 24 being declared "Jennifer Lopez Day". Fashion and branding The Council of Fashion Designers of America presented Lopez with its Fashion Icon Award in 2019 for her "long-standing and global impact on fashion". Her green Versace "Jungle Dress" was voted the fifth most iconic red carpet dress of all time in a poll run by The Daily Telegraph. The dress had a significant impact on the fashion industry, celebrity endorsements, and the evolution of red carpet fashion. The images of Lopez wearing the dress became the most popular search query of all time at that point, and subsequently led to the creation of Google's image search. Lopez has been credited with popularizing various fashion and beauty trends throughout her career. In 2003, she inspired a trend of curvier mannequins being designed, which fuelled a rise in sales for manufacturers and retailers. Lopez's personal style and brand deals have had a considerable effect on sales in the fashion industry. The success of Louis Vuitton's fall 2003 campaign, for which Lopez was the brand's model, led to more Hollywood stars "becoming image models of fashion and cosmetic labels". In 2021, The Daily Telegraph reported that she was among ten celebrities whose personal style choices drove the greatest spikes in searches and news coverage for brands. Her appearance at Milan Fashion Week in 2019 generated over $31.8 million in total media impact value. Described as a "branding pioneer", Lopez has been credited with ushering in a new era of celebrity branding. Her first fragrance, Glow by JLo, influenced the rise of celebrity fragrances in the 2000s. Her fragrance line became the most successful celebrity line in the world, with sales exceeding $2 billion as of 2012. Lopez's clothing brand was one of the first celebrity fashion lines; scholars have credited her with redefining "how fashion is produced and entwined with other artistic endeavors", and popularizing a trend of utilizing racial ambiguity for branding purposes in fashion and cosmetics. As of 2022, her business ventures have cumulatively earned over US$5 billion in sales globally. Achievements As of 2022, Lopez has sold more than 80 million records worldwide and amassed over 15 billion streams; her films have grossed a cumulative total of US$3.1 billion while her business ventures have cumulatively made over US$5 billion in consumer sales. She remains the only female entertainer to have a number-one album and film simultaneously in the United States. With J.Lo , Lopez became the first female solo recording artist under Epic Records to achieve a number-one album in the United States since its inception in 1953. J to tha L-O! The Remixes was acknowledged by the Guinness World Records as the first number-one remix album on the U.S. Billboard 200. Lopez's single "On the Floor" is among the best-selling singles of all time, and its music video was recognized as the "Highest Viewed Female Music Video of All Time" by Guinness World Records in 2012. Billboard named Lopez the top Hot 100 female artist and the greatest pop star of 2001. In 2009, the magazine ranked her number 50 on its Decade-End listicle, signifying the most successful artists of the 2000s decade. Billboard ranked Lopez as the ninth-greatest dance club artist of all time in 2016, having scored 18 number-one songs on its Dance Club Songs chart. She was named the top Latin touring artist of the decade by Pollstar in 2021. In 2010, Lopez was honored by the World Music Awards with the Legend Award for her contribution to the arts. In 2013, she was presented with the prestigious landmark 2,500th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her musical contributions, and Univision presented her with the World Icon Award in its Premios Juventud. In 2014, she became the first female recipient of the Billboard Icon Award. In 2017, she was awarded the Telemundo Star Award at the Billboard Latin Music Awards. In 2018, Lopez received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards, making her the first Latin performer to receive the honor since its introduction in 1984. In 2022, she received the Generation Award at the MTV Movie & TV Awards for her contributions to film and television, and the Icon Award at the iHeart Radio Music Awards. Discography Filmography Films starred Bibliography Lopez has written a memoir and co-written a children's book. Lopez, Jennifer. True Love. Celebra, 2014. ISBN 9780451468680. Lopez, Jennifer and Jimmy Fallon . Con Pollo: A Bilingual Playtime Adventure. Feiwel & Friends, 2022. ISBN 9781250876362. Tours and residencies Headlining tours Dance Again World Tour It's My Party Tour Co-headlining tours Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony en Concierto Enrique Iglesias & Jennifer Lopez Tour Residencies Let's Get Loud Jennifer Lopez: All I Have Cancelled tours This Is Me... Live

=== Jeff Johnson ===
Jeff Johnson or Jeffrey Johnson may refer to: Government and politics Jeff Johnson , current provincial politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta Jeff Johnson , former State Representative of Minnesota Jeff Johnson , former member of the Ohio Senate Jeff Johnson , member of the South Carolina House of Representatives Jeffrey W. Johnson , former Associate Justice of the California Court of Appeal Jeff Johnson , American political activist and social commentator Sports Jeff Johnson , former Major League Baseball pitcher Jeff Johnson , Canadian Football League running back with the Toronto Argonauts Jeff Johnson , Welsh football player Arts and entertainment Jeff Johnson , American jazz bassist Jeff Johnson , American comic book artist Jeff Johnson, bass player for Jason & the Scorchers from 1981 to 1987 Jeff Johnson , American new-age musician and founder of Ark Records Other Jeff Johnson, individual who walked across Australia Jeffrey T. Johnson, perpetrator of the 2012 Empire State Building shooting Jeff Johnson

=== Jennifer Lopez ===
Jennifer Lynn Lopez , also known by her nickname J.Lo, is an American singer, songwriter, actress, dancer and businesswoman. Lopez is regarded as one of the most influential Latin entertainers of her time, credited with breaking barriers for Latino Americans in Hollywood and helping propel the Latin pop movement in music. She is also noted for her impact on popular culture through fashion, branding, and shifting mainstream beauty standards. Lopez began her career as a dancer, making her television debut as a Fly Girl on the sketch comedy series In Living Color in 1991. She rose to fame as an actress, starring as singer Selena in the film of the same name , and established herself as the highest-paid Latin actress, with leading roles in Anaconda and Out of Sight . Lopez successfully ventured into the music industry with her debut album, On the 6 . In 2001, she became the first woman to simultaneously have a number-one album and film in the United States, with her second album, J.Lo, and the romantic comedy The Wedding Planner. She has since become known for starring in romantic comedies, including Maid in Manhattan , Shall We Dance? , and Monster-in-Law . Lopez released two albums in 2002: J to tha L–O! The Remixes and This Is Me... Then, the former becoming the first remix album to top the US Billboard 200. Media scrutiny and the failure of her film Gigli preceded a career downturn. Her subsequent albums included Rebirth and Como Ama una Mujer ; the latter broke first-week sales records for a debut Spanish album. Lopez returned to prominence as a judge on American Idol and with the album Love? ; she has remained musically active since. Throughout the 2010s, she voiced Shira in the animated Ice Age franchise , starred in the police drama series Shades of Blue , and served as a judge on World of Dance . In 2019, she garnered critical praise for her performance in the crime drama Hustlers. Lopez continued her acting career, with leading roles in the films Marry Me , The Mother , This Is Me... Now: A Love Story, Atlas , and Kiss of the Spider Woman . With over 80 million records sold worldwide, Lopez has earned four US Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles and two Billboard 200 number-one albums. Her accolades include a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Billboard Icon Award, three American Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards , and six Guinness World Records. She has been ranked among the 100 most influential people in the world by Time and the World's 100 Most Powerful Women by Forbes . Lopez has a large social media following, being one of the most-followed individuals on Instagram. Her other ventures include a lifestyle brand, beauty and fashion lines, fragrances, a production company, and a charitable foundation. Early life Jennifer Lynn Lopez was born on July 24, 1969, in the Bronx, a borough of New York City, and raised in its Castle Hill neighborhood. Her parents, Guadalupe Rodríguez and David Lopez, were born in Puerto Rico and met in New York City. After serving in the Army, David worked as a computer technician at Guardian Insurance Company. Guadalupe was a homemaker for the first ten years of Lopez's life and later worked as a Tupperware salesperson and a kindergarten and gym teacher. They divorced in the 1990s after 33 years of marriage. Lopez is a middle child; she has an older sister, Leslie, and a younger sister, Lynda. The three shared a bedroom. Lopez has described her upbringing as "strict". She was raised in a Catholic family; she attended Mass every Sunday and received a Catholic education, attending Holy Family School and the all-girls Preston High School, a private school. In school, Lopez ran track on a national level, participated in gymnastics and was on the softball team. She danced in school musicals and played a lead role in a production of Godspell. She described herself as a "tomboy" and "very athletic". There was "lots of music" in the typically Puerto Rican household, and Lopez and her sisters were encouraged to sing, dance, and create their own plays for family events. West Side Story made a particular impression on the young Lopez, who wanted to be an entertainer from an early age. As a teenager, she learned flamenco, jazz, and ballet at the Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club and taught dance to younger students, including Kerry Washington. After graduating from high school, she had a part-time secretarial job at a law firm and studied business at New York's Baruch College for one semester. At age 18, she enrolled as a full-time student at Manhattan's Phil Black Dance Studio, where she had already taken night classes in jazz and tap dance. Her parents were unhappy with her decision to leave college to pursue a dance career. According to Lopez, her parents felt it was "foolish" because "no Latinas did that". Her mother asked her to move out of the family home and they stopped speaking for eight months. Lopez moved to Manhattan, sleeping in the dance studio's office for the first few months. Career 1989–1996: Professional dancing and early acting roles Lopez's first professional job came in 1989 when she spent five months touring Europe with the musical revue show Golden Musicals of Broadway. She was upset at being the only member of the chorus not to have a solo, and later characterized it as a pivotal moment where she had to "try harder and become that much more committed". In 1990, she danced alongside MC Hammer in an episode of Yo! MTV Raps, and traveled around Japan for four months as a chorus member in Synchronicity. When she returned to the United States, she was hired as a backup dancer for New Kids on the Block's performance of "Games" at the 1991 American Music Awards. She also traveled around America with regional productions of the musicals Jesus Christ Superstar and Oklahoma!. During this period, Lopez also danced in music videos including Doug E. Fresh's "Summertime", Richard Rogers' "Can't Stop Loving You", EPMD's "Rampage", and Samantha Fox's " But the Pants Stay On". Lopez stated: "I'd dance in a piece-of-garbage rap or pop video for 50 bucks and make the money last a whole month." Her most high-profile job as a professional dancer was as a Fly Girl jazz-funk dancer on the sketch comedy television series In Living Color. The show's choreographer, Rosie Perez said she chose Lopez because "she had that look that I knew the audience would tune in to". Lopez moved to Los Angeles in late 1991 for the job; she filmed In Living Color during the day and attended acting classes taught by Aaron Speiser at night. Lopez felt ostracized by the other Fly Girls because of her "voluptuous figure", and also clashed with Perez. The head of Virgin Records considered signing The Fly Girls as a girl group to rival the Spice Girls, but the deal fell apart. After appearing as a Fly Girl in seasons three and four of In Living Color, Lopez left to work as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson, and appeared in the music video for "That's the Way Love Goes". She was scheduled to tour with Jackson on her Janet World Tour in late 1993 but opted to pursue an acting career instead. Lopez hired In Living Color producer Eric Gold as her manager. He advised Lopez to lose weight if she wanted to succeed as an actress. Lopez's first professional acting job was a small recurring role on the television show South Central . She was invited to audition for the pilot by a casting director who had seen her speak to camera during a behind-the-scenes In Living Color segment. She then acquired an agent and was cast in the CBS show Second Chances; the series was quickly cancelled, but her popularity with viewers led to her being cast in its spin-off Hotel Malibu. She subsequently appeared in the television film Lost in the Wild . For her first major movie role, in Gregory Nava's 1995 drama Mi Familia, Lopez received a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actress. She then starred in the action comedy Money Train . The film was not a box office success, though her performance was reviewed positively, which led to her being further noticed in Hollywood. In 1996, Lopez had a supporting role opposite Robin Williams in the comedy Jack, which director Francis Ford Coppola cast her in after seeing her performance in Mi Familia. She next starred opposite Jack Nicholson in the neo-noir thriller Blood and Wine , where David Rooney of Variety felt she delivered in "juggling" the "smoldering and soulful sides" of the character. 1997–1999: Breakthrough with Selena and On the 6 With her casting as the singer Selena Quintanilla-Pérez in the biopic Selena , Lopez became the first Latina actress to earn $1 million. She described her salary for the film as a "statement to the world", but expressed disappointment that other Latina actors were not being afforded the same opportunities. Despite having previously worked with the film's director Gregory Nava on Mi Familia, Lopez participated in an intense auditioning process and spent time with the late singer's family in Corpus Christi, Texas before filming began. Selena was a box office hit, and Lopez's performance received critical acclaim. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times described it as "a star-making performance" and wrote: "She has the star presence to look convincing in front of 100,000 fans." Lopez received her first Golden Globe nomination for the performance. Nava asked the heads of Warner Bros. to fund an Academy Award campaign for Lopez but was told the Academy would "never nominate a Latina." Later in 1997, Lopez starred opposite Ice Cube in the horror film Anaconda, which received negative reviews from critics but was a box office success. Joe Leydon of Variety found the film "silly" but said it deserved "a little credit" for being "the first movie of its kind to have a Latina and an African-American" as its stars. In the crime film U Turn , Lopez appeared topless in a sex scene that was added by director Oliver Stone during filming. Speaking in 2003, Lopez said it was not something "I would have chosen to do" and that she and Stone fought over it: "It's hard being the only woman on a set." Lopez starred opposite George Clooney in the crime caper Out of Sight , Steven Soderbergh's adaptation of the Elmore Leonard 1996 novel. Cast as a deputy federal marshal who falls for a charming criminal, she won rave reviews for her performance. Janet Maslin of The New York Times described it as her "best movie role thus far, and she brings it both seductiveness and grit; if it was hard to imagine a hard-working, pistol-packing bombshell on the page, it couldn't be easier here." Turan of the Los Angeles Times described Lopez as "an actress who can be convincingly tough and devastatingly erotic" and said the film solidified "her position as a woman you can confidently build a film around." In 2021, Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian named Lopez and Clooney's partnership as one of the best examples of on-screen chemistry in cinema history. Also in 1998, Lopez provided the voice of Azteca in the animated film Antz, and ventured into product endorsement, becoming a national spokesperson for Coca-Cola and L'Oréal. Lopez decided to pursue a music career after working on Selena, realizing that she had missed "the excitement of the stage". Her new manager Benny Medina sought to position her as "a brand name that will cross over into all media." Lopez, who was "really feeling [her] Latin roots", recorded a Spanish-language demo for circulation among prospective labels. With Lopez being a high-profile personality, a bidding war ensued. Tommy Mottola, the head of Sony Music's Work Group, signed her but suggested that she sing in English instead. Her record deal with Sony was described as "lucrative", having outbid other offers from Capitol Records and EMI Latin. While Lopez worked on her debut album, Sony "began a major push" to feature her with other high-profile entertainers, leading her to appear in the Sean Combs music video "Been Around the World" . Her debut album, On the 6 , named after the 6 Subway line which connected her childhood home in the Bronx to Manhattan, was met with positive reviews and further propelled her public profile. The album was a success and Lopez's debut single, "If You Had My Love", topped the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks, with another single, "Waiting for Tonight", reaching number eight and becoming a celebratory anthem for the new millennium. Other singles from the album included "Let's Get Loud", which became one of Lopez's signature songs, and "No Me Ames", a duet with future husband Marc Anthony. In July 1999, she performed "If You Had My Love" and "Let's Get Loud" at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup closing ceremony. It was watched by over one billion viewers worldwide, exposing Lopez's music career to a larger international audience. 2000–2002: International success In February 2000, Lopez and then-boyfriend Sean Combs attended the Grammy Awards, with Lopez wearing a plunging green Versace silk chiffon dress. The dress generated worldwide attention and became the most popular search query in Google's history, leading to the creation of Google Images, while boosting Lopez's album and movie ticket sales. Later that year, Lopez starred in the psychological thriller The Cell, for which she received a $4 million salary. The film, where Lopez played a psychologist who uses radical experimental therapy to enter the mind of a killer, received mixed reviews but was a box office success. David Edelstein of Slate remarked that the "imperious" Lopez was "trying to look waifishly expectant" while Amy Taubin of The Village Voice noted that she appeared to be engaged "in some kind of pouting competition" "in lieu of acting." Lopez became the first woman to have a number-one film and album simultaneously in January 2001, with the release of her second album, J.Lo, and her romantic comedy The Wedding Planner, which co-stars Matthew McConaughey. The Wedding Planner received highly negative reviews but became a box office success. Jessica Winter of The Village Voice found Lopez miscast as a "buttoned down, celibate" woman in the film. Lopez titled her album J.Lo after the nickname which her fans and the media had been increasingly referring to her as. She also adopted J.Lo as her stagename. J.Lo received polarized reviews from critics but became the most successful album of her career, selling 12 million copies worldwide. It included the singles "Love Don't Cost a Thing", which reached number one in various countries, "I'm Real" featuring Ja Rule, which peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100, "Ain't It Funny", and "Play". In support of the album, Lopez performed two-concert residency in Puerto Rico, which was later broadcast in November 2001 as an NBC special, Jennifer Lopez in Concert. It was one of the most-watched concert specials of the year in the United States, with an audience of almost 12 million. In other 2001 work, Lopez launched her first business venture, the clothing line J.Lo by Jennifer Lopez. The line catered to women of all sizes, as Lopez felt "the voluptuous woman [was] almost ignored" in the fashion industry. She also founded her production company, Nuyorican Productions, with manager Benny Medina. Her next film was the romantic drama Angel Eyes, starring opposite Jim Caviezel. Lopez's performance was well-reviewed, though the film was a critical and commercial disappointment. She was slated to star alongside Ricky Martin in a remake of Elvis Presley's Viva Las Vegas, but this did not eventuate. Lopez released two albums in 2002. The first was J to tha L–O! The Remixes, which became the first remix album in history to debut at number one on the Billboard 200. Its singles included "Ain't It Funny " and "I'm Gonna Be Alright", which reached number one and ten on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively. Lopez's third studio album, This Is Me... Then, was released in late 2002, and was heavily influenced by her relationship with then-fiancé Ben Affleck. It received mixed critical reviews; Billboard's Michael Paoletta noted the "considerable growth she reveals as a performer and tunesmith" on the album, while Jon Caramanica called it "the least interesting music on the pop charts today." The album became a commercial success, achieving the highest opening sales week of her career. The album's lead single, "Jenny from the Block", which peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, was viewed as a response to the notion that Lopez had alienated her "core fan base: the black and Hispanic hip-hop community." The album also spawned the number-one single "All I Have". Lopez starred as an abused wife who fights back in the thriller Enough , a role which required her to learn Krav Maga. An overworked Lopez suffered a nervous breakdown in 2001 while filming it. The film received negative reviews; Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times felt it was "tacky material" and was surprised to see "an actress like Jennifer Lopez" involved with the project. Her next film was the romantic comedy, Maid in Manhattan , in which Lopez starred opposite Ralph Fiennes as a maid and single mother from the Bronx. It became the highest-grossing film of her career. Reviewing Maid in Manhattan, A. O. Scott of The New York Times enjoyed Lopez as a romantic lead and said "her greatest skill as an actress" was "her ability to melt without cracking the hard shell of composure she wears." In 2002 business ventures, Lopez opened Madre's, a Los Angeles restaurant serving Latin cuisine, and released her first fragrance, Glow by JLo. It became the top-selling fragrance in the U.S. 2003–2009: Media scrutiny and career downturn Lopez became the subject of widespread media criticism in 2003 due to her public relationship with Ben Affleck and the tabloid depiction of her as a demanding diva. She fired both her personal manager Benny Medina and her publicist in mid-2003; The New York Times reported that movie executives had become frustrated by having their communications with Lopez "largely filtered" through Medina. That year, Lopez starred opposite Affleck in the romantic comedy Gigli, which was a box-office bomb and is considered one of the worst films of all time. Rex Reed of The Observer criticized the lead actors, calling them "pathetically incompetent" in both "craft and talent". Roger Ebert agreed that the movie "doesn't quite work", but found Lopez and Affleck "appealing in their performances" and noted the couple's chemistry. Later in 2003, she released her second fragrance Still Jennifer Lopez, and became the face of Louis Vuitton's fall advertising campaign. Lopez had a minor role opposite Affleck in the film Jersey Girl . Following test audiences' negative reactions to the onscreen couple, her screen time was halved. Lopez later described this as the lowest point of her career and admitted she felt "eviscerated" by the media coverage surrounding Gigli: "I lost my sense of self, questioned if I belonged in this business, thought maybe I did suck at everything. And my relationship self-destructed in front of the entire world. It was a two-year thing for me until I picked myself up again." Months later, she starred opposite Richard Gere in the romantic comedy-drama Shall We Dance?, which was a box-office success. Lopez's clothing lines and two fragrances generated over $300 million in revenue throughout 2004. The marketing for the romantic comedy Monster-in-Law , in which Lopez starred opposite Jane Fonda, played up her "Gigli-and-tabloid tarnished image", and it became a box office success. She released her fourth studio album, Rebirth, in early 2005. Its title was symbolic of Lopez's hopes for "a new professional beginning". It was recorded during a period where Lopez felt "a little bit lost, trying to get my footing in a new life", "I had just gotten married [to singer Marc Anthony] ... I wasn't with Benny [Medina]." In a review of Rebirth, journalist Alexis Petridis remarked that the title "suggests even Lopez has realised that something is amiss with her career ... Despite the highlights, you're still left pondering the question: what happened to Jennifer Lopez?" The album reached number two on the Billboard 200, but failed to replicate the sales of her previous albums. Its lead single, "Get Right", however, reached number twelve on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming one of her most successful songs. Also in 2005, Lopez launched her second fashion label, Sweetface, which was geared towards "high fashion" in comparison, and appeared in a Kill Bill-inspired Pepsi commercial with Beyoncé and David Beckham. The next year, she returned to the top five of the Billboard Hot 100 as a featured artist on "Control Myself", the lead single from LL Cool J's twelfth studio album. Lopez's next three movie projects were box office failures. She starred alongside Robert Redford and Morgan Freeman in the drama An Unfinished Life . Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times predicted that the typical review would be unkind: "It will have no respect for Jennifer Lopez, because she is going through a period right now when nobody is satisfied with anything she does ... Give Lopez your permission to be good again; she is the same actress now as when we thought her so new and fine." In 2006, she reunited with director Gregory Nava to star in the crime drama Bordertown as a journalist investigating female homicides in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico. The film was negatively reviewed and received a direct-to-video release. David D'Arcy of Screen Daily found Lopez "unconvincing" as a journalist. In 2007, she starred opposite her then-husband Marc Anthony in the music biopic El Cantante, which told the story of Puerto Rican salsa singer Héctor Lavoe and his wife Puchi. It did not perform well at the box office and received mixed reviews from film critics; Lopez's performance, which she expressed pride in, drew both praise and criticism. Lopez released two studio albums in 2007. Her fifth album, Como Ama una Mujer, was her first to be recorded entirely in Spanish. Chris Willman of Entertainment Weekly acknowledged that the album offered "fairly persuasive proof" that Lopez can sing, but was unimpressed by the "flaccid torch songs." It became the fifth Spanish album to debut in the top ten of the Billboard 200, and achieved the highest first-week sales for an artist's debut Spanish album at the time. The lead single, "Qué Hiciste", reached number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100 while the second single, "Me Haces Falta", failed to chart. Lopez's sixth studio album, Brave, released later that year, was her lowest-charting album worldwide. Jonathan Bernstein of Entertainment Weekly was disappointed that Lopez had returned to "listless vocals" for her "back-to-the-dance-floor album." The album debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and produced two singles, "Do It Well" and "Hold It Don't Drop It". The first peaked at number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, while the latter failed to chart. While pregnant with twins, Lopez embarked upon her first ever concert tour, a show co-headlined by Anthony, in September 2007; the tour was well received. She also created, produced and was featured in the MTV show DanceLife, which she described as a "passion project". After giving birth to twins in February 2008, Lopez took a career break. Her restaurant Madre's closed permanently, as did her two fashion lines. After rehiring former manager Medina, Lopez released two songs in late 2009, "Louboutins" and "Fresh Out of the Oven". The songs were intended for her seventh studio album but failed to make an appearance on the Billboard charts, leading to her departure from Sony Music and Epic Records. 2010–2015: American Idol and career revival Lopez's first theatrical role in three years was in the romantic comedy The Back-up Plan . Manohla Dargis of The New York Times was unimpressed by the movie and described Lopez as "an appealing screen presence with a disappointing big-screen track record. That's probably not all her fault: romantic roles for women often are the provenance of the bland or the blonde." A "big turning point" in Lopez's career came when she joined the judging panel of the singing competition series American Idol for its tenth season, replacing Simon Cowell. Despite being advised that it was a "huge gamble", she accepted the job, as she was "not getting offered a whole bunch of movies". Lopez's appearance on American Idol in 2011 returned her to prominence. Hannah Elliot of Forbes described it as "a remarkable comeback", writing: "Idol humanized her. Viewers who knew only an attention-grabbing siren met a hardworking, self-made, empathetic single mother, who got emotional when contestants did well and when they failed." Lopez subsequently experienced what Billboard called "the most impressive reality-TV-based rejuvenation of a music career ever." After signing a new recording contract with Island Records, her seventh studio album, Love?, was released in early 2011. While the album itself was a moderate commercial success, the single "On the Floor" was the year's highest-selling single by a female artist. It reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming her highest-charting single as a lead artist since "All I Have". The album produced two more singles, "I'm Into You" and "Papi", which did not achieve similar success . Around this time, Lopez became a brand ambassador for L'Oréal, Gilette Venus, Tous and Fiat. She also launched the Jennifer Lopez Collection, a clothing and homeware line with Tommy Hilfiger for Kohl's; the collection generated an estimated $3 billion in sales during its first year. Lopez returned as a judge for American Idol's eleventh season in 2012, earning a reported $20 million. That year, she released her greatest hits album, Dance Again... the Hits, to fulfil her contractual obligations with her former label Epic Records. Lopez, who was divorcing Anthony and navigating the "breakup of a family", felt as if the album's sole single, "Dance Again", had come to her at the "perfect moment". "Dance Again" reached number 17 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. Lopez launched the Dance Again World Tour, her first headlining concert tour, in mid-2012. It grossed over $1 million per show. Also that year, she launched Teeology, a luxury T-shirt brand. Lopez returned to the big screen in 2012, starring alongside an ensemble cast in the film What to Expect When You're Expecting, which is based on the 1984 book What to Expect When You're Expecting. Lopez voiced Shira, a saber tooth tiger, in the animated film, Ice Age: Continental Drift, the fourth film in the Ice Age franchise. Also in 2012, a talent show, ¡Q'Viva! The Chosen followed Lopez, Anthony, and director-choreographer Jamie King as they travelled across 21 countries in Latin America to find new talent for a Las Vegas show. In 2013, Lopez starred alongside Jason Statham in the crime thriller Parker, in which she played Leslie. Her performance earned positive reviews, with the Chicago Tribune commending the role for giving Lopez "an opportunity to be dramatic, romantic, funny, depressed, euphoric and violent. The audience stays with her all the way". That year, Lopez released the single "Live It Up", founded the mobile phone retail brand Viva Móvil, and was named chief creative officer of NuvoTV. She also served as an executive producer of the television series The Fosters , a show about a lesbian couple raising a family. Lopez's desire to work on the series was driven by her late aunt, who was gay. After a one-season absence, Lopez returned to American Idol for its thirteenth season, earning a reported $17.5 million. Her eighth studio album, A.K.A., was released in mid-2014 through Capitol Records, experiencing lacklustre sales, becoming her lowest-selling album in the U.S. The album produced three singles: "I Luh Ya Papi", featuring French Montana, "First Love", and "Booty", featuring Iggy Azalea. They reached 77, 87 and 18 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100. Also that year, Lopez released "We Are One ", the official song for the 2014 FIFA World Cup along with Pitbull and Claudia Leitte. Lopez partnered with Endless Jewelry on a range of jewelry, and released a book, True Love, which became a New York Times best-seller. 2015 saw the release of The Boy Next Door, an erotic thriller that Lopez both co-produced and starred in as a high school teacher who becomes involved with a student, which eventually leads to his dangerous obsession with her. The film received negative reviews from critics. Despite this, it became her most successful opening at the box office for a live action film since Monster-in-Law. Lopez had a voice role in the animated feature Home and contributed the single "Feel the Light" to the film's official soundtrack. She also starred in the independent drama film Lila & Eve, alongside Viola Davis. 2016–2021: Television work, Hustlers and Super Bowl LIV In January 2016, Lopez commenced a concert residency show, All I Have, at Planet Hollywood's Zappos Theater in Las Vegas. She performed 120 shows during the three-year run, grossing over $100 million in ticket sales. At the beginning of the residency, Lopez signed a multi-album deal with her former label Epic Records, and released "Ain't Your Mama", one of her most successful singles during the 2010s. Also in 2016, she began starring in NBC's crime drama series Shades of Blue, which she also executive produced. She played Harlee Santos, a single mother and police detective who goes undercover for the FBI to investigate her own squad. The series' premiere brought NBC its most-watched Thursday debut in seven years. Starring alongside Ray Liotta, Lopez's performance received critical praise. That year, she also reprised her voice role as Shira in the animated film Ice Age: Collision Course , and designed a capsule collection of shoes and jewelry in collaboration with Giuseppe Zanotti. Lopez was executive producer and judge on NBC's dance competition series World of Dance, which was a ratings success upon its May 2017 premiere. That year, Lopez released the singles "Ni Tú Ni Yo" and "Amor, Amor, Amor", which were intended to be included on her second Spanish-language album, Por Primera Vez, which was ultimately shelved. In late 2017, she was announced as the new face of clothing company Guess, becoming the oldest spokeswoman in the company's history. In 2018, Lopez released a string of Spanish and Spanglish singles: "Se Acabó el Amor", "El Anillo", "Dinero" featuring DJ Khaled and Cardi B, and "Te Guste" with Bad Bunny. Forbes noted that the songs were unable to "completely connect on a crossover, mainstream level", but were more successful on US-based Latin charts, nearly all of them reaching number one on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart. In collaboration with Inglot Cosmetics, she launched a limited-edition makeup collection. She later starred in and executive produced the comedy film Second Act , directed by Peter Segal; she also recorded the single "Limitless" for its soundtrack. Second Act earned mixed reviews from critics, but performed well at the box office, grossing $72.3 million during its theatrical run. In the first half of 2019, Lopez embarked on an international concert tour, It's My Party, to celebrate her 50th birthday. The tour grossed an estimated $54.7 million from thirty-eight shows. Variety reported that most shows were sold out. She also signed with new label Hitco Entertainment and released the single "Medicine" featuring French Montana. In other 2019 activities, she became the global face of the Coach brand, launched a collection of sunglasses with the brand Quay Australia, and modeled an updated version of her Green Versace dress at Milan Fashion Week. She also became executive producer of two television series, Good Trouble and Thanks a Million. Lopez executive produced and starred in the crime drama film Hustlers . Directed by Lorene Scafaria, the film is inspired by a true story, following a group of Manhattan strippers who con wealthy male Wall Street clientele. Lopez's portrayal of a veteran stripper in Hustlers garnered acclaim from critics, with some deeming it the best performance of her acting career. The film also gave Lopez her highest opening weekend at the box office for a live action film, grossing $33.2 million. Her performance received nominations for Best Supporting Actress at the Golden Globe Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, Critics' Choice Movie Awards and Independent Spirit Awards. The success of Hustlers was regarded by various media outlets as a comeback as an actress for Lopez. In February 2020, Lopez co-headlined the Super Bowl LIV halftime show in Miami, Florida alongside Shakira; the performance included an appearance by her child Emme Muñiz. The performance was widely praised and became the most-watched Super Bowl halftime show to date. Later that year, Lopez released the singles "Pa' Ti" with Maluma―which became her most successful song since 2017―and "In the Morning", before headlining the 2021 Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest special live from Times Square on ABC. In January 2021, she performed at the 2021 inauguration of President Joe Biden in Washington, D.C. In business, Lopez focused on investments and creating her own brands. She launched her skin care line, JLo Beauty, released a shoe collection in partnership with DSW, and invested in companies including Hims & Hers Health, Bodyarmor SuperDrink, Goli nutritional supplements and meal delivery service Wonder. In mid-2021, she signed a multi-year deal with Netflix to produce a range of films and television shows through her own Nuyorican Productions, and released the reggaeton Spanish single "Cambia el Paso" with Rauw Alejandro. 2022–present: Focus on film and This Is Me... Now Lopez co-produced and starred opposite Owen Wilson and Maluma in the romantic comedy Marry Me, which was released in February 2022. The film grossed over $50 million at the box office while becoming the most-streamed day-and-date film on Peacock, and received generally mixed reviews from critics. Lopez also released a soundtrack for the film, with Maluma, which generated the singles "On My Way" and "Marry Me". In March 2022, Lopez was appointed as the chief "entertainment and lifestyle" officer of the cruise line, Virgin Voyages. Her next project was the documentary Jennifer Lopez: Halftime, which focuses on her life following the release of Hustlers and in preparation for her Super Bowl performance. Released on Netflix in June 2022 following its premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival, it garnered generally positive reviews from film critics. In September, Lopez was announced as the global ambassador of Italian lingerie label Intimissimi. The following month, Jimmy Fallon and Lopez released a children's book, Con Pollo: A Bilingual Playtime Adventure, which became a New York Times best-seller. Lopez co-produced and starred opposite Josh Duhamel and Jennifer Coolidge in the action-comedy Shotgun Wedding, which was released on Amazon Prime Video in January 2023. It became one of the top-streamed films on Prime Video that year. She also led and co-produced the action thriller feature The Mother, directed by Niki Caro and released on Netflix in May 2023. The film received mixed reviews, but became the most-watched film on the platform in 2023 and one of the most-watched original films on the service of all time. That September, she entered a "recording and publishing" partnership with BMG Rights Management, in conjunction with her Nuyorican Productions. Lopez's business ventures in 2023 included: launching a spritz brand named Delola, a collaboration between her lifestyle brand J.Lo by Jennifer Lopez and fashion retailer Revolve, and a footwear line, JLO Jennifer Lopez, which was released as three collections in March, May, and June. Lopez's ninth studio album, This Is Me... Now, a sequel album to This Is Me... Then , was released by Nuyorican and BMG on February 16, 2024. The album formed part of a "three-part multimedia project" which included a companion musical film, This Is Me... Now: A Love Story directed by Dave Meyers, and a documentary, The Greatest Love Story Never Told, both of which were released on Prime Video. Lopez plays a fictionalized version of herself in A Love Story, which was described as an "autobiographical musical rom-com action sci-fi"; Tim Jonze of The Guardian suggested that Lopez had possibly invented the "therapy-musical biopic" genre. After potential partners backed out, Lopez financed the film herself for $20 million before Amazon subsequently purchased it. "Can't Get Enough" was released as the album's lead single, followed by "Rebound" featuring rapper Anuel AA. To promote the album, Lopez performed "Can't Get Enough" with Latto and Redman, and the album's title track on Saturday Night Live on February 3, 2024; she also conducted an exclusive concert at the Orpheum Theatre in LA, which was recorded and released as a concert film on Apple Music and Apple TV+ on February 21. Additionally, she released a lingerie collection with Intimissimi which was inspired by the album. In May 2024, Lopez co-hosted the annual Met Gala in Manhattan, marking her 14th attendance at the haute couture event. Also that month, she and Australian music producer Fisher released a "contemporary" remix of "Waiting for Tonight", 25 years after the song's release. Lopez was set to embark on the This Is Me... Live North American tour beginning June 2024, but cancelled it in order to spend more time with her family. Lopez co-produced and starred in the sci-fi thriller Atlas, the third project under her Netflix deal. Released in May 2024, Atlas received negative reviews from critics, but was successful on Netflix where it was the most-watched movie in 71 countries on its first day. In a positive review of the film, The New York Times praised Lopez's performance and called the film "an intriguing concept." Lopez starred alongside Jharrel Jerome in the biographical wrestling drama Unstoppable, based on the life of wrestler Anthony Robles, produced by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. The feature premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September, followed by a limited theatrical release in December 2024. Lopez portrayed Judy, Robles's mother, in the film; Owen Gleiberman of Variety called it "the fullest screen performance she has ever given". Upcoming projects Lopez starred in and executive produced the Bill Condon-directed Kiss of the Spider Woman, a film adaption of the Broadway 1993 musical of the same name. It is her first role in a full-fledged musical; filming occurred from April to May 2024 in New Jersey. Lopez will co-produce and star opposite Brett Goldstein in Netflix's Office Romance. She will also co-produce a series adaptation of Emily Henry's 2023 novel Happy Place for Netflix. She has also committed to lead and co-produce Netflix's film adaptation of the bestselling novel, The Cipher. Lopez has several projects in the works as a producer. Personal life Lopez was in a nearly decade-long relationship with David Cruz, her high-school boyfriend, until the mid-1990s. They were engaged at one point, and Cruz relocated to Los Angeles to be with her when she began pursuing her career. She later said of Cruz, "You get lucky, you have a first love like that." She was married to Cuban waiter Ojani Noa from February 1997 to January 1998. In subsequent court cases, Noa was prevented from publishing a book about their marriage and from using private honeymoon footage of Lopez in a documentary. Lopez was in an on-again, off-again relationship with record producer and rapper Sean Combs from 1999 to early 2001. On the night of December 27, 1999, Lopez, Combs and rapper Shyne were arrested and charged with criminal possession of a weapon and possession of stolen property, after leaving the scene of a shooting at a Times Square nightclub. Charges against Lopez were dropped within an hour while Combs was acquitted of all charges at trial in March 2001. They broke up shortly thereafter. Shyne was sentenced to ten years in prison. Lopez later said that, while she had "cared very much" about Combs, their "crazy, tumultuous" relationship "was always something I knew would end." She was married to Cris Judd, her former backup dancer, from September 2001 to January 2003. Before her divorce with Judd was finalized, Lopez was in a relationship with actor and filmmaker Ben Affleck from mid-2002 to early 2004. Although they had crossed paths several times before , their first major meeting was on the set of Gigli in December 2001. They later worked together on the music video for "Jenny from the Block" and the film Jersey Girl . Her album This Is Me... Then was dedicated to and inspired by Affleck. Their relationship was extensively publicized. Tabloids referred to the couple as "Bennifer", a portmanteau Vanity Fair described as "the first of that sort of tabloid branding". They became engaged in November 2002, but their planned wedding on September 14, 2003, was postponed with four days' notice because of "excessive media attention". They ended their engagement in January 2004. Years later, Lopez said Affleck's discomfort with media scrutiny was one reason for their split and described it as her "first real heartbreak": "I think different time, different thing, who knows what could've happened, but there was a genuine love there." After her relationship with Affleck, Lopez stopped discussing her personal life in interviews. She was married to singer Marc Anthony from June 2004 to June 2014; they had previously worked together and dated for a few months in the late 1990s. Their wedding took place five months after the end of her relationship with Affleck. During their marriage, they collaborated on music and performed together, as well as co-starring in El Cantante . Lopez gave birth to fraternal twins, a boy and a girl, on Long Island in February 2008. People paid a reported US$6 million for the first photographs of the twins, making them the most expensive celebrity pictures ever taken at the time. In 2009, Anthony and Lopez purchased a stake in the Miami Dolphins. They announced their separation in July 2011. Anthony filed for divorce in April 2012 and it was finalized in June 2014. Lopez retained primary physical custody of the two children. Lopez occasionally performs with her daughter. Lopez had an on-again, off-again relationship with her former backup dancer Casper Smart from October 2011 to August 2016. She dated New York Yankees baseball player Alex Rodriguez from February 2017 to early 2021. They became engaged in March 2019 but postponed their wedding twice due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to tabloid speculation about the state of their relationship, they released a statement in March 2021, saying they were "working through some things". They announced the end of their relationship in April 2021. In April 2021, Lopez and Affleck were reported to be dating again, with Lopez publicly confirming their rekindled relationship that July. In April 2022, Lopez announced their second engagement, 20 years after the first proposal. They were married in Las Vegas on July 16, 2022, and held a wedding celebration for family and friends the following month. On August 20, 2024, Lopez filed for divorce from Affleck, citing April 26, 2024, as the date of their separation. She also requested that her legal name be changed back to Jennifer Lynn Lopez. On January 6, 2025, the divorce was finalized. Other ventures Philanthropy Following the September 11 attacks, Lopez was heavily involved in charitable activities. Joining other artists, she was featured on charitable singles such as "What's Going On" and "El Ultimo Adios ", which benefited people affected by the tragedy. In February 2007, Lopez was honored with the Artists for Amnesty prize by Amnesty International for her work in Bordertown, which shed light on the hundreds of feminicides in Ciudad Juárez. Lopez described it as "one of the world's most shocking and disturbing, underreported crimes against humanity". That year, one dollar from each ticket sold at Lopez and Anthony's co-headlining North American concert tour, which grossed an estimated $10 million, was donated to the Run for Something Better program, which fights childhood obesity. Lopez has been a long-time supporter of the Children's Hospital Los Angeles. Her album Rebirth is dedicated to Paige Peterson, an eleven-year-old cancer patient she befriended at the hospital who died in 2004. Lopez stated that "[she doesn't] like to do [her] charity work in public. That's not what you do it for." In 2009, Lopez launched the Lopez Family Foundation alongside her sister, Lynda. The organization works to increase healthcare access for underprivileged women and children, including through a telemedicine program in partnership with the Children's Hospital Los Angeles. The foundation has facilitated the expansion of medical facilities in Panama and Puerto Rico, and created the Center for a Healthy Childhood at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx. In December 2012, Lopez held a charity drive to benefit her three favorite charities: the Gloria Wise Boys and Girls Club, the Children's Hospital Los Angeles and the American Red Cross, mainly benefiting victims of Hurricane Sandy. In May 2015, she became the first celebrity spokesperson for the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals and the BC Children's Hospital Foundation , appearing in a campaign entitled "Put Your Money Where the Miracles Are". That September, she became the first Global Advocate for Girls and Women at the United Nations Foundation. This role sees her mobilizing action to address issues including maternal health care programs, education and violence against women. In September 2017, following Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria, Lopez donated $1 million from the proceeds of her Las Vegas residency to humanitarian aid for Puerto Rico. Along with Marc Anthony, she launched a humanitarian relief campaign entitled Somos Una Voz , an effort supported by various celebrities to rush supplies to areas affected by Hurricane Maria. Lopez and Anthony presented a subsequent concert and telethon for disaster relief, "One Voice: Somos Live!", which raised over $35 million. She was also among various artists featured on Lin-Manuel Miranda's charity single "Almost Like Praying", which benefits Puerto Rico. As of 2021, Lopez continues to regularly donate to and support charities. In September 2021, she launched her own philanthropic organization, Limitless Labs, that supports and empowers Latina entrepreneurs and business owners. Lopez announced a partnership between the venture and the 10,000 Small Businesses initiative. In June 2022, Lopez and Limitless Labs partnered with nonprofit Grameen America as a national ambassador to empower women-led Latina businesses with $14 billion in business loans and "6 million hours of financial education and training by 2030." Lopez has performed at charity concerts throughout her career, including the Los Angeles Dodgers Foundation's Blue Diamond Gala in 2022, which raised $3.6 million for education, health care, homelessness and social justice causes. Political views and activism A supporter of the Democratic Party, Lopez has a long history of backing Democratic candidates for public office. She endorsed President Barack Obama in his 2012 presidential campaign, speaking in television advertisements and attending fundraising events for Obama. She endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in 2016, headlining a free concert in Florida in support of her that October. Lopez has been critical of President Donald Trump. During her Super Bowl halftime show performance in 2020, she performed her song "Let's Get Loud" while cloaked in a large Puerto Rican flag, with children in metal cages displayed on the field. It was interpreted as a statement about the Mexico–United States border crisis and Trump's immigration policy. The NFL attempted to remove the cages from the performance but Lopez refused. She endorsed President Joe Biden in his 2020 presidential campaign. She later performed at Biden's 2021 inauguration, where she sang "This Land Is Your Land" and "America the Beautiful", while reciting the last phrase of the Pledge of Allegiance in Spanish. She also worked "Let's Get Loud" into the performance as a "reprise" to her political message at the Super Bowl. Lopez endorsed Kamala Harris during her 2024 presidential campaign. She spoke at a Las Vegas rally for Harris, pushing back on remarks made at Trump's rally at Madison Square Garden which were deemed offensive to Puerto Ricans. Lopez is an avid supporter of LGBT rights, and has raised millions of dollars for HIV/AIDS research. In June 2013, amfAR presented her with its humanitarian award for her philanthropic work. That September, she was awarded the Ally for Equality award presented by the Human Rights Campaign, for her support of the LGBT community. The following year, she received the GLAAD Vanguard Award. In July 2016, Lopez released a single entitled "Love Make the World Go Round", a collaboration with Lin-Manuel Miranda, which benefits victims of the Orlando nightclub shooting. She was also featured on the song "Hands" along with numerous other artists, also benefiting those affected by the Orlando shooting. Lopez signed an open letter from Billboard magazine to the United States Congress in 2016, which demanded action on gun control. In June 2020, Lopez attended a Black Lives Matter movement protest in Los Angeles, in connection with the broader George Floyd protests. Lopez has also been an active advocate for the Time's Up movement. In January 2022, she became one of the co-chairs for Michelle Obama's When We All Vote. She expressed solidarity with the people of the Gaza Strip during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. As part of a group called Artists4Ceasefire, she signed a letter urging President Joe Biden to call for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza. Artistry Influences Lopez has cited Madonna as her "first big musical influence", explaining "It was all about Madonna for me. She inspired me to want to sing, to dance, to work hard." Her other major influences include Tina Turner, James Brown, and Michael Jackson. Another major influence on Lopez is Barbra Streisand, stating that, "watching her career over the years, watching her sing and act and direct, was very inspiring to me." Lopez has cited Janet Jackson as a major inspiration for her own dance and videos, stating that she "probably started dancing" because of Jackson's music video for "The Pleasure Principle". She also looked to the careers of Cher, Bette Middler and Diana Ross, and has been inspired by younger artists such as Lady Gaga. Growing up, she was influenced by Latin music styles ranging from salsa to bachata, and artists including Celia Cruz and Tito Puente. However, it was the hip hop song "Rapper's Delight" by The Sugarhill Gang that she said changed her life. Another key inspiration for Lopez in her youth was Puerto Rican actress Rita Moreno's performance in the musical film West Side Story . Moreno was the only performer Lopez was able to identify with, at a time when Latinos were rarely on television. Musical style Musically, Lopez is described as a "chameleon" by outlets like Variety and Forbes, having been known to experiment and jump between genres. Her music strongly identifies with hip hop while exploring the "romantic innocence" of Latin music. Billboard observed that she has "never been one to downplay her Latinidad, and always makes sure to display it" in her music, "regardless of genre". On the 6 and J.Lo, described by Lopez as Latin soul, fuse a wide range of Latin genres with R&B and hip hop, while also containing dance-pop. While mostly English, the albums include some Spanish and bilingual songs such as "Cariño", with Lopez also speaking in Spanish and asserting her Latin identity on songs like "Let's Get Loud". A departure from her previous work, This Is Me... Then blends 1970s soul with "streetwise" hip hop. Rebirth was noted for its "relaxing" atmosphere, while Como Ama una Mujer was characterized as "silkily Spanish Sade worship". Described as autobiographical, much of Lopez's music has centered around the "ups and downs" of love. Lyrically, This Is Me... Then is largely focused on her relationship with Ben Affleck, with the song "Dear Ben" being described as the album's "glowing centerpiece". Its sequel album, This Is Me... Now, was informed by her reunion and marriage with Affleck; Lopez called it an "emotional, spiritual, and psychological journey of the past two decades". Como Ama una Mujer features introspective lyrics about romance, heartache and self-loathing. Regarding Love?, Lopez stated: "There's still so much to learn and that's why the question mark." Other recurrent themes in Lopez's music have included her upbringing in the Bronx, social class and women's empowerment. Lopez has received mixed reviews for her "light" soubrette voice, which critics have deemed limited, "radio-friendly" and overshadowed by her music's production. With On the 6, The Baltimore Sun regarded Lopez as having a "breathy" stylistic range but lacking personality, while Rolling Stone remarked: "Instead of strained vocal pyrotechnics, Lopez sticks to the understated R&B murmur of a round-the-way superstar who doesn't need to belt because she knows you're already paying attention ... She makes a little va-va and a whole lot of voom go a long way." In reviewing Love?, AllMusic called her voice "slight" and wrote: "Lopez was never, ever about singing; she was about style". Pitchfork described her "notoriously serviceable, airy and light" voice as being "stronger than ever" on This Is Me... Now, while noting that "the thinness of the voice has often been beside the point, if not a boon to her early career", which was marked by "Bronx regularness". Lopez has been criticized for her use of background vocals from demo singers, prompting rumors of ghost singers' vocals being used in place of her own. The rumors have been debunked by producers and background singers who worked with Lopez. Christina Milian, who is credited as a writer and background singer on "Play", called the controversy "funny" and said: "It's no different than Michael Jackson having background singers on songs or Britney Spears. This is what music is made of." Dance, videos and stage Considered one of dance's "greatest success stories", Lopez has received praise for her highly choreographed dancing, and is noted for her technical skill. Lopez, who felt an emotional connection to dance since her youth, has been trained in a range of dance styles, including ballet, jazz, flamenco, ballroom, pole dancing, breakdancing, street dance, and hip hop. A dominant figure on MTV since early in her career, she is known for her body-emphasizing music videos and provocative choreography. CNN's Holly Thomas stated that "Lopez's years of professional dance experience gave her a captivating, commanding presence in her videos." Madeline Roth of MTV wrote: "Her diverse videography encompasses some of the most memorable visuals of the 21st century", with Rolling Stone writer Brittany Spanos observing that her "dancing skills and ability to toy with her own celebrity have made her videos an important part of the new millennium's pop canon". Her videography has sometimes attracted controversy for its sexual suggestiveness, and has been noted for its influence on 2000s fashion trends. On stage, Lopez is recognized for her showmanship, sex appeal, and costumes, which often include bodysuits. Author Priscilla Peña Ovalle stated in Dance and the Hollywood Latina: Race, Sex and Stardom that Lopez was one of the Latin stars who "used dance to gain agency as working performers with mainstream careers, yet many of their roles paradoxically racialized and sexualized their bodies". Troy Patterson of Entertainment Weekly also observed that she used her body for emphasis on stage, "She turned herself out as the fly girl hyperversion of postfeminist power, flaunting her control by toying with the threat of excess. In consequence, her star went supernova." Her signature movements include "clock-wise pivoting with salsa hip circles and sequential torso undulations". While being noted to lip sync in the early stages of career, Lopez's Dance Again World Tour was praised for showcasing live vocals and choreography synchronously. In a review of her Las Vegas residency All I Have, Los Angeles Times writer Nolan Feeney remarked that her dancing is "undoubtedly the centerpiece of the show". Her provocative stage performances have also drawn scrutiny at times. Robin Givhan of The Daily Beast criticized Lopez's performance at the 2011 American Music Awards where she wore a nude bodysuit, stating that it "cried out for attention in all the wrong ways" and was "banal exhibitionism". In May 2013, her performance on the finale of the television series Britain's Got Talent was deemed inappropriate for family-friendly television, and drew viewer complaints to Ofcom. Following her controversial performance at the musical festival Mawazine in 2015, Moroccan Prime Minister Abdelilah Benkirane called it "indecent" and "disgraceful", while an education group claimed that she "disturbed public order and tarnished women's honor and respect". Acting and screen Lopez's films often see her playing "relatable everywomen", with Cady Lang of Time writing: "A longtime hallmark of Lopez's filmography is her penchant for stories about survivors. Her characters are never shrinking violets." Discussing the roles she is drawn to, Lopez said in 1998: "I don't think of them as strong women ... I like characters that are really part of the story as opposed to window dressing, but I think the interesting thing is that they are real people. Nobody walks around being strong all the time." Film critic Stephanie Zacharek described Lopez as "one of the most gifted and appealing performers of the past two decades ... and yet the movies have rarely known what to do with her and her significant gifts as an actor." While Lopez received acclaim for her early film work, The New York Times writer Kyle Buchanan noted that her tendency to star in romantic comedies, and her pop music career, "lowered her critical bona fides". Taylor Hackford, who directed Lopez in Parker, said she "can really act": "She knows how to transmit nuances, to make the subtlest of shifts. Does she have humor? Yes. But at the same time she can get into the deepest dramatic areas." Lopez, who identifies the romantic comedy as her favorite film genre, has been referred to as the "Patron Saint of Romantic Comedies" and the "Queen of Romantic Comedies". In her early films, Lopez played stereotypical roles which signified her as a "racialized, exoticized" other. In films such as Blood and Wine and U Turn, her body is fetishized "through extreme close-ups" and "framed as animalistic, primitive, and irresistibly dangerous to the Anglo American male characters." This shifted with her role in Selena, which "affirmed her Latinx identity, and won her the loyalty of that significant section of the U.S. and global audience." She has also been criticized for playing ethnically ambiguous parts and tapping into "the ability to perform a panethnic other" to commodify herself. Her role as an Italian woman in The Wedding Planner has been described as "a case of classic Hollywood whitewashing." Public image Lopez has been a polarizing figure in popular culture. Andrew Barker of Variety writes that she "exhibits a plethora of contradictions", observing: "Despite a carefully cultivated image as an imperious pop empress in ludicrously expensive outfits, her signature hits bear the titles 'I'm Real' and 'Jenny From the Block'." In 2002, Lynette Holloway of The New York Times described Lopez's image as including "a dash of ghetto fabulousness" and "middle-class respectability" for mass appeal. The media discerned a shift in her public image upon joining American Idol in 2011, with Entertainment Weekly writing: "Gone was her old cut-a-bitch swagger; J. Lo 2.0 is an all-embracing, Oprahfied earth madre." People editor Peter Castro said American Idol made Lopez "a celebrity of the people" whereas before, "there was a huge distance with the American public." Lopez is widely celebrated for her curvaceous hourglass figure, which earned her the nickname La Guitarra . Vanity Fair described her buttocks as "in and of themselves, a cultural icon". Recounting her experience on early films, Lopez stated: "I've always had costume people looking at me a little weary and immediately fitting me out with things to hide my bottom." She often wears revealing outfits to accentuate her curves. Author Mary Beltrán opined that for Lopez to "unashamedly display her well-endowed posterior during this time period" could be viewed as "a revolutionary act with respect to Anglo beauty ideals". However, she was also criticized for perceived changes in her image upon launching her music career, which included "weight loss and lightening her hair". Considered a fashion icon, Lopez is known for her sense of style and "breaking fashion rules". She is recognized for both her "bold" red carpet fashion, including fourteen appearances at the haute couture Met Gala in New York City, and her everyday street style, which is "discussed ad infinitum by the fashion press." British Vogue said she "added megawatt glamour to every outfit she wore", with Billboard describing her style as "scantily clad". Lopez's style has been influenced by "women who epitomize old Hollywood glamour like Rita Hayworth", as well as her Bronx upbringing and Nuyorican identity. Described as the "ultimate sex symbol" of the early 21st century, various publications have ranked her as the most beautiful or sexiest woman in the world, including People, People en Español, Vibe, Details, and FHM, with Lopez topping the latter's 100 Sexiest Women list twice. Lopez has criticized "this funny notion in America that you can't be a mom and be sexy", stating: "The truth is that women can be sexy until the day they die." She has a large following on social media, being the 14th most-followed individual on Instagram and having one of the 50 most-followed accounts on Twitter. On the Recording Industry Association of America 's "Music Fuels" ranking, Lopez is the eighth-most-followed musician across Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. She is the richest Latin actress, with an estimated net worth of US$400 million. Described as "one of the most photographed women in the world", Lopez has long been a tabloid fixture, and admits to having a "less-than-perfect" public image. Frances Negrón-Muntaner wrote that by 1999, "Internet chat rooms exploded with anti-Lopez babble" and she became "one of the easiest moving targets for cheap laughs as well as anxieties about working-class 'loud' sexuality and specifically Latino visibility." Much of the media coverage surrounding Lopez in the 2000s "focused on her dramatic private life", with several writers describing her as overexposed at the time, despite her continued success. Media outlets often liken her to actress Elizabeth Taylor, due to her numerous failed relationships and glamorous public persona. Her high-profile relationship with Combs was described as having "defined an age", with Vanity Fair writing that they entered "the pantheon of slightly notorious celebrity couples: Liz and Dick, Frank and Ava." Throughout her career, she has also received a bad reputation as being a demanding and outspoken "diva", something which she denies, stating: "I've always been fascinated by how much more well-behaved we have to be than men." Some of the backlash and fabricated tabloid stories surrounding Lopez have been attributed to her 1998 interview with Movieline, in which she was quoted as criticizing various actors and directors. Lopez, who "cried for hours" after the article was published, said the comments were made in jest and she was "so misquoted and so taken out of context". In 2003, Lawrence Donegan of The Guardian posited that "indefensible" misogyny and racism were to blame for her position as "the most vilified woman in modern popular culture". In 2021, Ben Affleck said: "People were so fucking mean about her; sexist, racist, ugly vicious shit was written about her in ways that if you wrote it now, you would literally be fired for saying some of the things you said." Legacy and cultural impact Entertainment industry Lopez is regarded as one of the most influential Latin entertainers of all time, credited with breaking racial barriers in the entertainment industry. She was described as "the first Latina superstar" by writer Ned Zeman, and the "embodiment of the American Dream" by Robert C. Cottrell in Icons of American Popular Culture . Often dubbed the "Queen of Dance", she is considered a triple threat performer, and was one of few actors to successfully cross over into music. Rachel Sklar of The Huffington Post called Lopez a trailblazer, writing: "Beyoncé, Miley, Gaga, any actress who's ever released an album — they are all standing on the shoulders of J.Lo. She was a true triple threat — actress, singer, dancer ... and packaged it sometimes outrageously but always sexily." Lopez is considered a pop icon, with VH1 ranking her at number 15 on their list of 200 Greatest Pop Culture Icons, number 16 on 100 Greatest Women In Music, and number 21 on 50 Greatest Women of the Video Era. The highest-paid Latina actress in history, Lopez's film career has been credited with paving the way for greater representation of Latino Americans in Hollywood, which was historically a "whites-only preserve". Biographer Kathleen Tracy opined that "Lopez blazed a trail no openly Latin actress had gone before", noting that previous Latina stars cosmetically downplayed their ethnicity and changed their names. With Out of Sight , she achieved "ethnic 'blind' casting", making her an "anomaly in the traditionally white space" of mainstream Hollywood. By deliberately avoiding stereotypical roles, biographer James Robert Parish said Lopez "helped minimize racial boundaries in show business." Her perceived Academy Award snub for Hustlers was referenced by Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti when announcing a new initiative for Latino representation in Hollywood. With her musical debut, Lopez contributed to the 1990s "Latin explosion" in entertainment; The Recording Academy called her the "breakout female star" of the Latin pop movement in American music. Historian Roger Bruns considered her "an influential force in driving a growing Latin cultural influence in popular music" at the time. Her career ascent has been credited with paving the way for American-born Latina pop artists including Selena Gomez and Becky G, and for Latin American pop artists to venture into English music, including Shakira, Thalía and Paulina Rubio. Along with Ricky Martin, she helped increase the visibility of Latin music in international markets including East Asia and Canada. Due to her "multi-tasking career", she has been described as "the next-generation Madonna", and "the first woman to demonstrate that a Madonna could be a Latina". Lopez's music has been credited with helping influence the trajectory of 2000s music, including dance music, Latin music, R&B, and pop rap collaborations. Billboard named her the Greatest Pop Star of the year 2001. Scholar Miriam Jiménez Román suggested that Lopez, who represents the "often-suppressed" history of Puerto Ricans in hip hop culture, was "able to traverse the difficult racial boundaries". In 2011, following her return to prominence, Lopez was deemed the "world's greatest musical comeback act", based on a study which analysed over one billion Google searches since 2004. In 2019, she was named among the most powerful people in entertainment by The Hollywood Reporter. From 2022 to 2024, Lopez was included in the magazine's Power 100 list, as one of the most powerful women in entertainment. In July 2023, Madame Tussauds New York unveiled a wax figure of Lopez inspired by her performance at the Super Bowl LIV halftime show. In 2024, Billboard included Lopez among the honorable mentions of its 25 Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century listicle; the magazine stated that "no one defined celebrity at the beginning of the 21st century quite like [Lopez]" and that she "helped define an era where hip-hop, R&B and pop all got more cuddly together than ever before". Cultural influence Lopez was named one of Time's 100 most influential people in the world in 2018. In 2012, Forbes ranked her as the world's most powerful celebrity and the 38th most powerful woman. Latina magazine founder Christy Haubegger attributed Lopez's influence to her being "the first icon that generationally fits" young Latino Americans who followed celebrity culture. Lopez was featured on the first cover of Latina in 1996, with editor Galina Espinoza writing in 2011 that there is "no recounting of modern Latina history without Jennifer". Jonathan Van Meter of Vogue described Lopez as having "changed the face of modern celebrity." Her ability to start trends has prompted the usage of the phrase "the J.Lo effect" in popular culture, which has been used in various different contexts, including the trend of networks hiring "big name" judges for reality competition programs after Lopez's successful casting on American Idol. With her moniker J.Lo, Lopez started a trend of celebrities being given abbreviated nicknames, while "Bennifer" began the convention of celebrity couple name blending. Described by scholar Helene A. Shugart of the University of Utah as "arguably the most visible Latina in contemporary mainstream popular culture", Lopez has been the subject of considerable academic analysis, including in relation to ethnicity, class, "body politics", race, Latin culture, and gender. While credited with opening "the door to [Latino culture having a] broader appeal", Lopez has also been a polarizing figure, generating "often vehement disagreement about what is and isn't Latino." As a result of the public emphasis on her curvaceous figure, Lopez has been credited with influencing a shift in cultural beauty standards. The surge in popularity of buttock augmentation surgery in the early 2000s was attributed to Lopez. In Latin Sensations , Herón Marquez wrote: "Because she wasn't rail thin, Lopez had broken the mold ... Suddenly, it was okay for women to have hips, curves, and a big backside." This has been considered a sign of Lopez's social power in "changing cultural standards within the mainstream media as a whole". In 2014, scientists named a species of aquatic mite found in Puerto Rico, Litarachna lopezae, after Lopez. In Tok Pisin, a language spoken in Papua New Guinea, the term palopa is used to describe non-heteronormative people whose identities may correlate with western definitions of homosexual men or trans women; its etymology is derived from the name Jennifer Lopez. In 2019, she was presented with keys to the city of Miami Beach, with July 24 being declared "Jennifer Lopez Day". Fashion and branding The Council of Fashion Designers of America presented Lopez with its Fashion Icon Award in 2019 for her "long-standing and global impact on fashion". Her green Versace "Jungle Dress" was voted the fifth most iconic red carpet dress of all time in a poll run by The Daily Telegraph. The dress had a significant impact on the fashion industry, celebrity endorsements, and the evolution of red carpet fashion. The images of Lopez wearing the dress became the most popular search query of all time at that point, and subsequently led to the creation of Google's image search. Lopez has been credited with popularizing various fashion and beauty trends throughout her career. In 2003, she inspired a trend of curvier mannequins being designed, which fuelled a rise in sales for manufacturers and retailers. Lopez's personal style and brand deals have had a considerable effect on sales in the fashion industry. The success of Louis Vuitton's fall 2003 campaign, for which Lopez was the brand's model, led to more Hollywood stars "becoming image models of fashion and cosmetic labels". In 2021, The Daily Telegraph reported that she was among ten celebrities whose personal style choices drove the greatest spikes in searches and news coverage for brands. Her appearance at Milan Fashion Week in 2019 generated over $31.8 million in total media impact value. Described as a "branding pioneer", Lopez has been credited with ushering in a new era of celebrity branding. Her first fragrance, Glow by JLo, influenced the rise of celebrity fragrances in the 2000s. Her fragrance line became the most successful celebrity line in the world, with sales exceeding $2 billion as of 2012. Lopez's clothing brand was one of the first celebrity fashion lines; scholars have credited her with redefining "how fashion is produced and entwined with other artistic endeavors", and popularizing a trend of utilizing racial ambiguity for branding purposes in fashion and cosmetics. As of 2022, her business ventures have cumulatively earned over US$5 billion in sales globally. Achievements As of 2022, Lopez has sold more than 80 million records worldwide and amassed over 15 billion streams; her films have grossed a cumulative total of US$3.1 billion while her business ventures have cumulatively made over US$5 billion in consumer sales. She remains the only female entertainer to have a number-one album and film simultaneously in the United States. With J.Lo , Lopez became the first female solo recording artist under Epic Records to achieve a number-one album in the United States since its inception in 1953. J to tha L-O! The Remixes was acknowledged by the Guinness World Records as the first number-one remix album on the U.S. Billboard 200. Lopez's single "On the Floor" is among the best-selling singles of all time, and its music video was recognized as the "Highest Viewed Female Music Video of All Time" by Guinness World Records in 2012. Billboard named Lopez the top Hot 100 female artist and the greatest pop star of 2001. In 2009, the magazine ranked her number 50 on its Decade-End listicle, signifying the most successful artists of the 2000s decade. Billboard ranked Lopez as the ninth-greatest dance club artist of all time in 2016, having scored 18 number-one songs on its Dance Club Songs chart. She was named the top Latin touring artist of the decade by Pollstar in 2021. In 2010, Lopez was honored by the World Music Awards with the Legend Award for her contribution to the arts. In 2013, she was presented with the prestigious landmark 2,500th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her musical contributions, and Univision presented her with the World Icon Award in its Premios Juventud. In 2014, she became the first female recipient of the Billboard Icon Award. In 2017, she was awarded the Telemundo Star Award at the Billboard Latin Music Awards. In 2018, Lopez received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the 2018 MTV Video Music Awards, making her the first Latin performer to receive the honor since its introduction in 1984. In 2022, she received the Generation Award at the MTV Movie & TV Awards for her contributions to film and television, and the Icon Award at the iHeart Radio Music Awards. Discography Filmography Films starred Bibliography Lopez has written a memoir and co-written a children's book. Lopez, Jennifer. True Love. Celebra, 2014. ISBN 9780451468680. Lopez, Jennifer and Jimmy Fallon . Con Pollo: A Bilingual Playtime Adventure. Feiwel & Friends, 2022. ISBN 9781250876362. Tours and residencies Headlining tours Dance Again World Tour It's My Party Tour Co-headlining tours Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony en Concierto Enrique Iglesias & Jennifer Lopez Tour Residencies Let's Get Loud Jennifer Lopez: All I Have Cancelled tours This Is Me... Live

=== Joe Goode ===
Joe Goode was an American visual artist, known for his pop art paintings. Goode made a name for himself in Los Angeles, California, through his cloud imagery and milk bottle paintings which were associated with the Pop Art movement. The artist was also closely associated with Light and Space, a West Coast art movement of the early 1960s. He resided in Los Angeles, California. Early life and education Joe Goode was born on March 23, 1937, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, immediately following the Dust Bowl period and at the tail end of The Great Depression. His family was Roman Catholic, and his parents divorced when Joe was 11 years old. He has a younger brother named Dick who was born twelve months after him. His father had a great influence on his artistry. He too was an artist who made signage for a department store in town and painted portraits. The two would sketch various actors on screen when the family got a television and Goode would attempt to emulate his father’s ability to capture likenesses. During the summer Goode’s mother would ship him and his brother off to visit their grandparents on a ranch in Arlington, Texas. Goode explained that the perceived leisure quickly turned into child labor as the Goode boys were put to work picking potatoes on Sproull’s Ranch. Goode had little ambition and little cultural exposure as a child, but upon leaving high school he moved to Los Angeles where his old friend Ed Ruscha was going to art school. Shortly after his move he enrolled in the Chouinard Art Institute, marking the start of his artistic career. While attending Chouinard from 1959 to 1961, he studied under artists Emerson Woelffer, Robert Irwin, and Bill Moore. He married fellow student Judy Winans in 1960, together they had a daughter and divorced two years later. On March 22, 2025, Goode died the day before he would have celebrated his 88th birthday. Early career In December 1959, Goode traveled to Los Angeles, California, and began to make his name in the Los Angeles art scene. He embraced American pop art. He became part of a group of young artists living and working in California; this group included notable artists, such as Ken Price, Ed Kienholz, and Ronald Davis. His first solo exhibitions was in 1962 at the Dilexi Gallery in Los Angeles. The American pop scene had a fascination with modern consumer culture and utilized the subject matter in many of their works. Goode and his contemporaries were also interested in graphic images, like those being created at Gemini Ltd. , an artists‘ printmaking workshop dedicated to collaborating with artists to produce artistic prints, lithographs, and other graphic art. During his early career, Goode worked alongside Gemini Ltd. to produce his own prints. Cloud and Self Portrait, both created in 1965, were the first two pieces he made at Gemini. In 1967, he completed the English still life series, a series of shifting glasses and spoons. Exhibitions "The New Paintings of Common Objects" In 1962, Goode was exhibited alongside artists such as Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein, and Edward Ruscha at The Pasadena Art Museum in Pasadena, California. The exhibition, "The New Paintings of Common Objects," was an early display of the art movement eventually referred to as Pop Art. “Common Objects” was curated by Walter Hopps and is considered the first museum show in the United States to have exhibited Pop Art. This show featured Goode's paintings, Milk Bottle Painting and Milk Bottle Painting . Composed of thickly painted canvases and milk bottles, Goode's two works draw inspiration from Surrealism and Assemblage. They exemplify a specific feeling of small-town America, with the placement of the milk bottle on the floor and the canvas hung low, reminding one of milk left on a doorstep. The paintings also invite a sense of loneliness, providing extra commentary on life in a small town. "How The West Has Done! A Wild Wild West Show" 1966 saw Goode’s inclusion in an exhibition entitled How The West Has Done! A Wild Wild West Show, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, hosted by the Arts Council and curated by Audrey Sabol. The exhibition explored the art being created on the West Coast and brought to light the self-contained nature of the California Art Scene. Other exhibitions and shows Goode had been exhibiting his work in group and solo exhibitions since 1960. His very first group show, two years prior to "The New Paintings of Common Objects," took place in Oklahoma City at the Oklahoma Art Center. His first solo exhibition took place in 1962 in Los Angeles, CA, at the Dilexi Gallery. From 2015 to 2021, Goode exhibited in four solo shows, two of which were held at the Peter Blake Gallery . His other two solo exhibits were held at the Kohn Gallery in 2021 and the KOKI ARTS gallery in Tokyo Japan . Meanwhile, he participated in group shows throughout California from 2012 until the present. In 2022, Goode's work was a part of the exhibition, "Dissolve," at the Jack and Shanaz Langson Institute and Museum of California Art at the University of California, Irvine. Style Goode’s style vacillates between both traditional and non-traditional forms of media which allowed him to toe the line between representational art and abstraction. His use of media also lends to a deeper exploration of differing ways of seeing the world. Examples of this were his milk bottles that act as a lens atop a field of color. This object also exemplified his affinity for simplistic, unassuming subject matter. His tendency of rending or tearing away a superficial canvas to expose another painting below also furthered this desire to show a different way of seeing the world. His early works draw inspiration from artists such as Robert Irwin, who taught Goode at the Chouinard Art Institute. The minimalism of the milk bottle paintings was reminiscent of Irwin's canvases and the art of his Los Angeles contemporaries, who were experimenting with both pop art and minimalist abstraction. Additionally, a 1962 screwdriver lithograph of Goode's has direct parallels to the work of Jasper Johns, another one of Goode's influences. Works Milk Bottles series Beginning in 1961 and considered to be his first significant body of work, the Milk Bottles series consisted of fourteen, low-hanging abstract canvases of color with the faint outline of a milk bottle on the canvas. Outside of the canvas bounds, Goode would place a tangible milk bottle that overlapped the one on the canvas and was also covered in paint. The artist described coming home one morning after working a night shift and seeing milk bottles on his doorstep waiting for the milkman to collect. This moment inspired the series. He explained that, he sought to "activate" the space beyond the canvas and rather than creating some kind of three dimensional object to represent the milk bottle it made the most sense to simply use the actual object. Prior to these large scale paintings he was creating small drawings, so the milk bottle series marks a dramatic shift in his art making. Goode spoke about a specific painting in this series called Leroy which measured roughly ten feet with three milk bottles represented. Due to its sheer size it had to be destroyed because the artist could not fit the painting into his studio. The series in its entirety is a hybrid of Minimalism and Pop Art. Though Goode did not specifically associate himself with the Pop Art movement, he didn't mind being labeled so. By toeing the line of painting or sculpture, two-dimensional or three, this series embodied Conceptualism as well. It paved the way for two solo exhibitions and the 1962 "New Painting of Common Objects" exhibit which is said to have launched his career. Furthermore, in November 1962, the piece titled, Untitled Milk Bottle graced the cover of Artforum. Staircases series Goode created his Staircases series starting in 1964 and was inspired by the ready-mades of Marcel Duchamp and the staircases in the musicals of Busby Berkley. These works are physical staircases that lead to nothing, usually propped against a wall. Made up of wood and cheap carpeting, these staircases, like the Milk Bottles series, evoke a feeling of suburban, small-town America. The placement of the works makes the wall an integral part of the work, providing a dead, empty space for the staircase to lead into, and creating an advance and retreat quality for the viewer. Goode's Staircases vary in size, with one of the largest being around nine-feet high. This massive staircase, along with two others, was created in Germany with the help of an art dealer named Hans Neuendorf. Neuendorf's brother was a carpenter and assisted Goode in the construction of the work. Neuendorf himself was a big supporter of Goode and put up several shows in Germany exhibiting his work. Unfortunately, due to the size and weight of the nine-foot staircase, which made it hard to handle, it never was displayed again. In storage, it was mishandled and eventually destroyed. However, some works from the Staircases series have survived and can now be found in the permanent collections of museums such as the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles and the Museum of Modern Art in New York. Clouds series Clouds is thought to be the height of Goode's artistic career and the paintings in this series harken back to Romanticism. Within Clouds, there are three distinct variations. From 1967 to 1969 Goode produced his Photo Clouds series, while Torn Clouds was produced from years 1970 to 1976, and Vandalized Clouds was simultaneously painted from 1971 to 1975. Each cluster dealt with the subject matter differently. Photo Clouds demonstrates a surreal quality, Torn Clouds begins to tear away at the canvas to reveal what's below, and Vandalized Clouds is sharply biting as the soft ethereal clouds are interrupted by deep slashes in the canvas down to the cardboard underneath. Once again evoking childhood and suburban life, Goode's Clouds are reminiscent of the clouds seen when laying in a field, further eliciting an emotional reaction from the viewer. Additionally, the series as a whole plays with the idea that the sky is constantly changing, never staying in one place for long. Goode's intention with the Clouds series was to comment on the idea of transparency, something he touches on with the Milk Bottles series but is fully realized here. Goode saw his Clouds series featured prominently by Hans Neuendorf in his galleries in Hamburg and Cologne, Germany. In 1971, Neuendorf displayed Goode's Photo Cloud paintings at his two galleries, and in 1972, the Torn Skypaintings were exhibited in Cologne. Collections American Federation of Arts, New York, New York Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois Boise Art Museum, Boise, Idaho Buffalo AKG Art Museum, Buffalo, New York Cantor Art Center, Stanford University, Palo Alto, California Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, California De Young , San Francisco, California Donald Bren Foundation, Los Angeles, California Flint Institute of Arts, Flint, Michigan Fondation Carmignac, Paris, France Frederick R. Weisman Art Foundation, Los Angeles, California Grey Art Gallery of NYU, New York, New York Henry Art Gallery Collection, Seattle, Washington Honolulu Museum of Art, Honolulu, Hawaii Laguna Art Museum, Laguna Beach, California Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles, California The Menil Collection, Houston, Texas Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City, New York Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum, Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri Minneapolis Institute of Art, Minneapolis, Minnesota Moderna Museet, Stockholm, Sweden Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Chicago, Illinois Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, California Museum of Contemporary Art, San Diego, California Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Texas Museum of Modern Art, Jerusalem, Israel Museum of Modern Art, New York, New York Museums Sheffield, Sheffield, England National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. National Gallery of Australia, Parkes, Australia National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, Canada National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne, Australia New Mexico Museum of Art, Santa Fe, New Mexico Norton Simon Museum, Pasadena, California The Oakland Museum, Oakland, California Oklahoma City Museum of Art, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Oklahoma State Art Collection, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Orange County Museum of Art, Newport Beach, California Orlando Museum of Art, Orlando, Florida Pomona College Art Museum, Claremont, California Portland Art Museum, Portland, Oregon Rhode Island School of Design Museum, Providence, Rhode Island Saint Louis Art Museum, St. Louis, Missouri San Diego Museum of Art, San Diego, California San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, California Santa Barbara Museum of Art, Santa Barbara, California Smithsonian American Art Museum, Washington, D.C. Smithsonian Institution / Hirshhorn Museum, Washington, D.C. Taubman Museum, Roanoke, Virginia UBS Art Collections, Zurich, Switzerland University of Kentucky Art Museum, Lexington, Kentucky University of Oklahoma, Norman, Oklahoma Victoria and Albert Museum, London, England Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, Minnesota Whitney Museum of American Art, New York City, New York Yale University Art Gallery, New Haven, Connecticut Solo exhibitions 1962: Dilexi Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1964: Exhibition of Paintings by Joe Goode, Rolf Nelson Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1966: Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1967: English Still Life on White Tablecloth, Rowan Gallery, London, England 1968: Kornblee Gallery, New York City, New York 1969: Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1970: Galerie Neuendorf, Cologne, Germany; Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1971: Galerie Neuendorf, Hamburg, Germany; Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; La Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art, La Jolla, CA; Mueller Gallery, Dusseldorf, Germany; Wall Reliefs, Pomona College Art Gallery, Claremont, California; Galleria Milano, Milan, Italy 1972: Joe Goode, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX; Joe Goode, Felicity Samuel Gallery, London, England; Galerie Neuendorf, Cologne, Germany; Lithographs 1962-1972, Margo Leavin Gallery, Los Angeles, California; Minneapolis Institute of the Arts, Minneapolis, MN; Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Recent Paintings, Corcoran and Corcoran, Coral Gables, FL; Contract Graphics, Houston, TX 1973: New Drawings, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX; Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Felicity Samuel Gallery, London, England; Joe Goode: Work Until Now, Fort Worth Art Center Museum, Fort Worth, TX ; Galerie Neuendorf, Hamburg, Germany; Margo Leavin Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1974: California State University, Northridge, CA; Vandalism Series, Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Vandalism , Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1975: Galerie Neuendorf, Hamburg, Germany; Felicity Samuel Gallery, London, England; Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1976: Ex–Ray Drawings, James Corcoran Gallery, Los Angeles, California; Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, California; Joe Goode: Recent Work, Washington University Gallery of Art, St. Louis, Missouri 1977: A Selection of Paintings and Drawings, Mt. Saint Mary’s College Art Gallery, Los Angeles, California 1978: Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Graphic Works Retrospective, Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1979: Nicholas Wilder Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Paintings, Drawings, Prints, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX 1980: Joe Goode, Charles Cowles Gallery, New York, NY 1981: Drawings 81, Margo Leavin Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Recent Lithographs, Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1982: Paintings: Environmental Impact Series, ARCO Center for Visual Art, Los Angeles, CA; Joe Goode: Paintings, Prints, Works on Paper, Gallery One, Fort Worth, TX 1983: Retrospective of Graphic Works, Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1984: Joe Goode: Forest Fire Impressions, Asher/Faure Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Charles Cowles Gallery, New York, NY; Lithographs, Cunningham Memorial Art Gallery, Bakersfield, CA 1985: Joe Goode: Paintings and Drawings, Braunstein Gallery, San Francisco, CA 1986: James Corcoran Gallery, Santa Monica, CA; Joe Goode, Thomas Babeor Gallery, La Jolla, San Diego, California 1987: Joe Goode: Milk Bottle Paintings 1961-1962, Pence Gallery, Santa Monica, CA 1989: The Ocean Blues, Compass Rose Gallery, Chicago, IL; New Paintings: The Ocean Blue Series, James Corcoran Gallery, Santa Monica, CA 1990: Joe Goode: Waterfall Paintings, James Corcoran Gallery, Santa Monica, CA 1991: Joe Goode: From Blue and Black Series, Takada Gallery, San Francisco, CA 1992: Joe Goode: New Paintings and Drawings, James Corcoran Gallery, Santa Monica, CA; Joe Goode, Karsten Greve Gallery, Paris, France; Laboratory: Joe Goode Tornado Triptych, The Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles, CA; Joe Goode, Jack Tilton Gallery, New York, NY 1993: Tornado Paintings and Works on Paper, Takada Gallery, San Francisco, CA; Tornadoes, Soma Gallery, San Diego, CA 1994: Joe Goode: Pollution Paintings, LA Louver, Venice, CA; Shasta College, Redding, CA 1995: Painting & Paper Work, Nantenshi Gallery, Tokyo, Japan 1996: Global Warming: Pollution Paintings, LA Louver, Venice, CA 1997: Joe Goode, Orange County Museum of Art, Newport Beach, CA; Joe Goode: Retrospective of Paper Works, Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1998: Joe Goode: New Paintings, Takada Gallery, San Francisco, CA; Suns of Bitches, Moons of Dogs, LA Louver, Venice, CA; Works on Paper 1960-1973, Manny Silverman Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 1999: Paintings, Peter Blake Gallery, Laguna Beach, CA; Joe Goode: Cause and Effect Paintings, Frederick Spratt Gallery, San Jose, CA 2000: Recent Paintings, Franklin Parrasch Gallery, New York, NY; Joe Goode, LA Louver, Venice, CA 2001: The Cloud Paintings, Manny Silverman Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Peter Blake Gallery, Laguna Beach, CA 2002: Cloud; Paintings from 1965 to Present, Stephen Wirtz Gallery, San Francisco, CA; Joe Goode, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX; LA Louver, Venice, CA; Peter Blake Gallery, Laguna Beach, CA; Plain Air, Bobbie Greenfield Gallery, Santa Monica, CA 2003: New Paintings, Shoshana Wayne, Santa Monica, CA 2004: Surface Paintings, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX 2005: X-RAY DRAWINGS, Manny Silverman Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; BURN OUT!, Craig Krull Gallery, Santa Monica, CA; Joe Goode, Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 2007: New Work, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX 2008: JOEDONTNO, Bernard Jacobson Gallery, London, England; Ashes, DNJ Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Paint IS Nature, Seiler & Mosseri-Marlio Gallerie, Zurich, Switzerland 2009: Joe Goode: Clouds, Paintings and Drawings from the 60’s and 70’s, Franklin Parrasch Gallery, New York, NY 2010: Joe Goode, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX; Golden Dreams, Greenfield Sacks Gallery, Santa Monica, CA 2011: Nighttime, Kohn Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 2012: Joe Goode, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX 2014: Joe Goode, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX; Flat Screen Nature, Kohn Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 2015: There’s Always Tomorrow, Van Doren Waxter, New York, NY; Joe Goode, Contemporary Art Museum, St. Louis, MO; Tip of the Iceberg, Leslie Sacks Fine Art, Santa Monica, CA; Moonglows & Fireflies, Koki Arts, Tokyo, Japan 2016: Joe Goode, Peter Blake Gallery, Laguna Beach, CA; Curtain Calls, Texas Gallery, Houston, TX 2017: Joe Goode, Leslie Sacks Gallery, Santa Monica, CA; Old Ideas with New Solutions, Kohn Gallery, Los Angeles, CA 2018: Joe Goode, Peter Blake Gallery, Laguna Beach, CA 2019: Environmental Impacts, Leslie Sacks Gallery, Santa Monica, CA Awards and grants American Foundation of Artists American Federation of Arts Award, 1966 Cassandra Foundation Copley Foundation, 1967 Ford Foundation Prize, 1963 Maestro Grant, California Arts Council National Endowment for the Arts

=== Justin Timberlake ===
Justin Randall Timberlake is an American singer, songwriter, actor, record producer, and dancer. Dubbed the "Prince of Pop", Billboard honored him as the best performing male solo act on Pop Airplay and one of the Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century. Timberlake remains among the best-selling recording artists of all time, with sales of over 117 million records worldwide. His awards include ten Grammy Awards, four Primetime Emmy Awards, three Brit Awards, nine Billboard Music Awards, the Contemporary Icon Award by the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and MTV's Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. Born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee, Timberlake appeared on musical television shows as a child, competing on Star Search; in the early to mid-1990s, he was a cast member on the Disney Channel's The All New Mickey Mouse Club, where he performed cover songs, skits, and choreography. On the show, Timberlake met and worked with future bandmate JC Chasez, and the two later rose to prominence as the lead vocalists of the pop boyband NSYNC. The group released four commercially successful studio albums, becoming one of the best-selling boy bands of all time with sales of over 70 million units worldwide. Timberlake established himself as a solo artist with his first two albums, Justified and FutureSex/LoveSounds , both of which sold over 10 million copies and received triple platinum certification by the RIAA, with the latter becoming his first US Billboard 200 chart number-one album. He further topped the chart on three more occasions, with The 20/20 Experience, The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 and Man of the Woods . The 20/20 Experience became the best-selling album of the year. Throughout his career, Timberlake scored numerous high-charting US Billboard Hot 100 singles, including "Cry Me a River", "Rock Your Body", "SexyBack", "My Love", "LoveStoned/I Think She Knows", "What Goes Around... Comes Around", "Dick in a Box", "Give It to Me", "4 Minutes", "Pusher Love Girl", "Suit & Tie", "Mirrors" and "Can't Stop the Feeling!", which earned him an Academy Award nomination. Timberlake enhanced his popularity with an acting career. He landed starring roles in the films The Love Guru , The Social Network , Bad Teacher , Friends with Benefits , In Time , Wonder Wheel and Palmer . He also voiced Artie in Shrek the Third , Boo-Boo Bear in Yogi Bear and Branch in the Trolls franchise since 2016. Early life Justin Randall Timberlake was born on January 31, 1981, in Memphis, Tennessee, the son of Janet Lynn Harless and Charles Randall Timberlake, a Baptist church choir director. Timberlake has two half-brothers, Jonathan and Stephen, from Charles' second marriage to Lisa Perry. His half-sister Laura Katherine died shortly after birth in 1997, and is mentioned in his acknowledgments in the album NSYNC as "My Angel in Heaven". His family circle includes several musicians; his grandfather introduced him to music from country music artists like Johnny Cash and Willie Nelson. Performing as a child, Timberlake sang country and gospel music: at the age of 11, he appeared on the television show Star Search, performing country songs as "Justin Randall". By that time, he began listening to rhythm and blues musicians from the 1960s and 70s, such as Al Green, Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gaye, and he had listening sessions with his father of studio albums by the Eagles and Bob Seger. From 1993 to 1995, he was a Mouseketeer on The All New Mickey Mouse Club, where his castmates included future girlfriend and singer Britney Spears, future tourmate Christina Aguilera, future bandmate JC Chasez, and future actors Ryan Gosling and Keri Russell. In 1995 Timberlake recruited Chasez to be in an all-male singing group, put together by Chris Kirkpatrick and financed by boy band manager Lou Pearlman, that eventually became NSYNC. Career 1995–2002: NSYNC The boy band NSYNC formed in 1995, and they began recording and performing in 1996 in Europe; Timberlake and Chasez served as its two lead singers. In 1998, the group rose to prominence in the United States with the release of their self-titled debut studio album, which sold 11 million copies and includes the single "Tearin' Up My Heart". The group had a series of legal battles with former manager Lou Pearlman, and they subsequently signed with Jive Records. They released their third studio album No Strings Attached which sold 2.4 million copies in the first week, becoming the fastest-selling album of all time. They held this record until 2015 when Adele surpassed the record with her third album 25. No Strings Attached also includes the number one single "It's Gonna Be Me", "Bye Bye Bye", and "This I Promise You". NSYNC's fourth studio album Celebrity was also financially successful, selling 1.8 million copies in the first week and spawning top-five singles such as "Girlfriend". Upon the completion of the Celebrity Tour, the group went on an indefinite hiatus in 2002. NSYNC performed at the Academy Awards in 2000, the 2002 Winter Olympics, and the Super Bowl XXXV halftime show. The band sold more than 70 million records worldwide, becoming the fifth-best selling boy band in history. In 2000, Timberlake appeared in The Wonderful World of Disney movie Model Behavior. He played Jason Sharpe, a model who falls in love with a waitress after mistaking her for another model. The rise of his own stardom and the general decline in the popularity of boy bands led to the dissolution of NSYNC. Band member Lance Bass was openly critical of Timberlake's actions in his memoir Out of Sync. By 2002, when the group went on an indefinite hiatus and members were doing individual projects, he partnered with Pharrell Williams of the producing team The Neptunes–and Timbaland to start working on new music. The idea of going solo was strengthened a year earlier. Timberlake originally wrote the single "Gone" around 2001 for Michael Jackson, but he turned the song down, and it was instead recorded by NSYNC. Before its release, however, Jackson contacted him. Timberlake declared in a later interview that the first time he felt confident to go solo happened after that conversation. In a retrospective article in 2020, Billboard considered Celebrity "the group's swan song, setting the stage for Timberlake's equally massive solo career". 2002–2004: Justified and Super Bowl XXXVIII controversy In August 2002, Timberlake performed at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards, where he premiered his debut solo single "Like I Love You"; it peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number two on the UK Singles Chart. His debut solo studio album Justified was released in November and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 439,000 copies, fewer than previous 'N Sync releases. It sold over three million copies in the U.S. and more than ten million copies worldwide. Its R&B influence, provided by hip-hop producers The Neptunes and Timbaland, was complimented by music critics. About the musical direction of the record, he commented, "I just want to do R&B. It's what I grew up listening to". The album spawned the top-five singles "Cry Me a River" and "Rock Your Body". In summer 2003, Timberlake and Christina Aguilera co-headlined The Justified & Stripped Tour. Later that year he recorded a song "I'm Lovin' It", used by McDonald's as the theme to its "I'm Lovin' It" campaign. The deal with McDonald's earned Timberlake an estimated $6 million. A tour titled Justified and Lovin' It Live was included with the deal, following his initial Justified World Tour. Timberlake was featured on Nelly's song, "Work It", which was remixed and included on Nelly's 2003 remix album. Near the end of 2002, Timberlake was the first celebrity to appear on Punk'd, a "candid camera" type show created by Ashton Kutcher to trick celebrities. Timberlake, who cried during the episode, later admitted to being under the influence of cannabis when he was pranked. Three episodes later, he set up Kelly Osbourne to be "punk'd", thus making him the first celebrity to appear on the show more than once. Timberlake later spoofed Ashton Kutcher and Punk'd in a 2003 episode of NBC's Saturday Night Live. Timberlake co-starred in a skit titled The Barry Gibb Talk Show alongside comedian Jimmy Fallon, where the duo portrayed Bee Gees brothers Barry and Robin Gibb. It marked the beginning of a long-running friendship and collaboration with Fallon. In February 2004, during the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show, broadcast on the CBS television network from Houston, Timberlake performed with Janet Jackson before a television audience of more than 140 million viewers. At the end of the performance, as the song drew to a close, Timberlake tore off a part of Jackson's black leather costume in a "costume reveal" meant to accompany a portion of the song lyrics. Jackson's representative explained Timberlake intended "to pull away the rubber bustier to reveal a red lace bra. Part of the costume detached, and Jackson's breast was briefly exposed. Timberlake apologized for the incident, stating he was "sorry that anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction during the halftime performance of the Super Bowl..." The phrase "wardrobe malfunction" has since been used by the media to refer to the incident and has entered pop culture. Timberlake and Jackson were threatened with exclusion from the 2004 Grammy Awards unless they agreed to apologize on screen at the event. Timberlake attended and issued a scripted apology when accepting the first of two Grammy Awards he received that night . He had also been nominated for Album of the Year for Justified, and Record of the Year along with Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Where Is the Love?" with The Black Eyed Peas. 2004–2007: Acting and FutureSex/LoveSounds After the Super Bowl incident, Timberlake put his recording career on hold to act in several films, having starred in a few feature films earlier in his career. The first role he took during this time was as a journalist in Edison Force, filmed in 2004 and received a direct-to-video release on July 18, 2006. He also appeared in the films Alpha Dog, Black Snake Moan, Richard Kelly's Southland Tales, and voiced Prince Artie Pendragon in the animated film Shrek the Third, released on May 18, 2007. He also appeared as a young Elton John, in the video for John's song "This Train Don't Stop There Anymore". Timberlake was considered to play the role of Roger Davis in the film version of the rock musical Rent, but director Chris Columbus had insisted that only the original Broadway members could convey the true meaning of Rent, so the role was reprised by Adam Pascal. He continued to record with other artists. After "Where Is the Love?", he again collaborated with the Black Eyed Peas on the 2005 track "My Style" from their album Monkey Business. When recording the 2005 single "Signs" with Snoop Dogg, Timberlake discovered a throat condition. Nodules were subsequently removed from his throat in an operation that took place on May 5, 2005. He was advised not to sing or speak loudly for at least a few months. In 2005, he began his own record company, JayTee records. Timberlake released his second studio album, FutureSex/LoveSounds, on September 12, 2006. The album, which Timberlake created from 2005 to 2006, debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 album chart, selling 684,000 copies its first week. It became the biggest album for pre-orders on iTunes, and beat Coldplay's record for the biggest one-week sales of a digital album. The album was produced by Timbaland and Danja , will.i.am, Rick Rubin and Timberlake himself, and features guest vocals by Snoop Dogg, Three 6 Mafia, T.I. and will.i.am. A studio representative described it as being "all about sexiness" and aiming for "an adult feel". The album's lead single, "SexyBack", was performed by Timberlake at the opening of the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards and reached number-one on the Billboard Hot 100, where it remained for seven consecutive weeks. "My Love", the album's second single, also produced by Timbaland and featuring rapper T.I., reached number-one on the Hot 100, as did third single "What Goes Around... Comes Around". The song is reported to have been inspired by the break-up of his childhood friend and business partner, Trace Ayala, with actress Elisha Cuthbert. In October 2006, Timberlake said that he would focus on his music career rather than his film roles, specifying that leaving the music industry would be a "dumb thing to do at this point". He was the special guest performer at the 2006 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show where he sang "SexyBack", "My Love" and "LoveStoned". Timberlake hosted many music events, including the European MTV Music Awards in 2006. On December 16, 2006, Timberlake hosted Saturday Night Live, doing double duty as both host and musical guest for the second time. During this appearance, he and Andy Samberg performed an R&B song for a skit titled "Dick in a Box", which some radio stations aired as an unofficial single from Timberlake. Called "one of the most iconic musical moments in the show's history" by Billboard, it became a viral hit and one of the most viewed videos on YouTube at the time. Rolling Stone listed the skit at number three on their "50 Greatest 'Saturday Night Live' Sketches of All Time". The song earned him an Emmy Award and was later featured on The Lonely Island's debut album Incredibad. In January 2007, Timberlake embarked on the FutureSex/LoveShow tour. Following singles off the album, "LoveStoned/I Think She Knows " and "Until the End of Time", peaked within the top 20 on the Hot 100, while the fourth single "Summer Love" reached the top 10. The song "Give It to Me", a Timbaland single on which Timberlake guests with Nelly Furtado, reached the Hot 100 number-one spot. Eventually, FutureSex/LoveSounds was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's musical library and archive. 2008–2012: Musical hiatus and focus on acting The song "4 Minutes" was first played by Timbaland at Philadelphia's Jingle Ball on December 17, 2007. When released on March 17, 2008, "4 Minutes" was revealed to be a duet between Timberlake and Madonna, with backing vocals by Timbaland. It was lead single from Madonna's eleventh studio album Hard Candy, which featured four other song-writing collaborations with Timberlake, being also one of the executive producers. The single was an international hit, topping the charts in over 21 countries worldwide. Timberlake also appears in the music video, which was directed by Jonas & François. On March 30, 2008, Timberlake performed the song at Madonna's Hard Candy Promo Show at Roseland Ballroom in New York City. On November 6, 2008, Timberlake performed the song with Madonna on the Los Angeles stop of her Sticky & Sweet Tour. In June 2007, Timberlake co-wrote, produced and provided vocals for the songs "Nite Runner" and "Falling Down" for Duran Duran's album Red Carpet Massacre, released on November 13, 2007. "Falling Down" was released as a single in the UK on the previous day. Also in 2007, Timberlake made an appearance on 50 Cent's third album Curtis. Timberlake, along with Timbaland, is featured on a track called "Ayo Technology", which was the album's fourth single. Also, another possible collaboration was to occur with Lil Wayne for his album Tha Carter III with Nelly Furtado and Timbaland. With the wrapping up of the FutureSex/LoveSounds tour of Australasia and the Middle East in November 2007, Timberlake resumed his film career. Projects underway early in 2008 were starring roles in Mike Myers' comedy The Love Guru and Mike Meredith's drama The Open Road . In March 2008, it was announced that he would be an executive producer in an American adaptation of the hit Peruvian comedy My Problem with Women for NBC. On November 20, 2008, TV Guide reported that Timberlake's next single, "Follow My Lead", which also featured vocals by Timberlake's protégée, former YouTube star Esmée Denters, would be available for exclusive download through Myspace. All proceeds would go to Shriners Hospitals for Children, a charity dedicated to improving pediatric care for sick children. In February 2008, Timberlake was awarded two Grammy Awards. At the 50th Grammy Awards ceremony, he won the Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "What Goes Around...Comes Around", and the Award for Best Dance Recording for "LoveStoned/I Think She Knows". In 2008, a collaboration between Timberlake and T.I., "Dead and Gone", was featured on T.I.'s sixth studio album, Paper Trail, and was released as its fourth single late in 2009. In November 2008, it was confirmed that Timberlake would make a guest appearance and produce some tracks on R&B/pop singer Ciara's upcoming album Fantasy Ride due out May 5, 2009. Timberlake featured on Ciara's second single "Love Sex Magic", the video being shot on February 20, 2009. The single became a worldwide hit, reaching the top ten in numerous countries and peaking at number-one in several countries including Taiwan, India, and Turkey. The song was nominated for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 52nd Grammy Awards. Timberlake hosted the 16th ESPY Awards, and the musical number "I Love Sports" was later nominated for an Emmy award. Timberlake and his production team The Y's, along with Mike Elizondo, produced and co-wrote the song "Don't Let Me Down" for Leona Lewis's second studio album, Echo, released on November 17, 2009. Timberlake also co-wrote and performed on "Carry Out", the third single from Timbaland's album Shock Value II, released on December 1, 2009. Timberlake appeared on Jimmy Fallon's debut as host of Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on March 2, 2009. Timberlake was the executive producer on the MTV reality series The Phone, which premiered on April 21, 2009. In late 2009, Barbadian singer Rihanna released the album Rated R, with Timberlake being one of the writers and producers. They both worked together previously for her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad. From 2010, Timberlake increased his acting work. He played Sean Parker, the founder of Napster, in the acclaimed film The Social Network . He also appeared at the 2010 MTV VMAs on September 12, 2010. In 2011, he starred alongside Cameron Diaz in Bad Teacher and alongside Mila Kunis in Friends with Benefits, and played Will Salas, the protagonist of In Time, a science fiction film by Andrew Niccol. He provided a feature and appeared in the music video for the song "Motherlover" from The Lonely Island's second album Turtleneck & Chain, and directed and made a cameo in the FreeSol music video "Hoodies On, Hats Low", which was released in August 2011. The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon sketch "History of Rap" was performed for the first time by both Fallon and Timberlake in 2010. In July 2011, United States Marine Kelsey De Santis uploaded a YouTube video asking Timberlake to be her date to the United States Marine Corps birthday ball; they attended the event on November 13, 2011, in Richmond, Virginia. His fifth Saturday Night Live episode, as host and musical guest, was the most-watched episode in 14 months, with Charles Barkley as host and Kelly Clarkson as musical guest. 2013–2017: The 20/20 Experience, 2 of 2, and Trolls Timberlake began working on his third studio album The 20/20 Experience in June 2012 with "no rules and/or end goal in mind". He publicly announced his return to the music industry in January 2013, releasing the album's lead single "Suit & Tie" featuring Jay-Z later that month, which would eventually peak at number three on the Billboard Hot 100. After four years not performing in concert, Timberlake appeared the night before the 2013 Super Bowl and performed during the "DirecTV Super Saturday Night" on February 2, 2013, in New Orleans. On February 10, 2013, he performed "Suit & Tie" with sepia-toned lighting at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards, with Jay-Z joining him from the audience. On February 11, 2013, "Mirrors" was released as the second single from The 20/20 Experience. The song would eventually peak at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and number-one on the UK Singles Chart. The 20/20 Experience was released on March 19, 2013 through RCA Records due to the disbandment of Jive Records. The album set a digital sales record for being the fastest-selling album on the iTunes Store and debuted at number-one on the charts by moving just over 968,000 copies in the U.S., the biggest sales week of 2013. It eventually became the best-selling album of the year in the country. Timberlake performed at the "In Performance at the White House: Memphis Soul" concert, held in the East Room of the White House and hosted by President Barack Obama, celebrating Memphis soul music from the 1960s. Afterward, Timberlake officially announced The 20/20 Experience World Tour, following his and Jay-Z's co-headlining concert tour Legends of the Summer Stadium Tour. Timberlake also appeared on Jay-Z's twelfth studio album Magna Carta... Holy Grail on three songs: "Holy Grail", "BBC" , and "Heaven". On August 25, 2013, Timberlake received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. He also took home three competitive awards, including Video of the Year for "Mirrors". During his performance, Timberlake briefly reunited with his fellow former NSYNC bandmates for a medley of their hit songs "Girlfriend" and "Bye Bye Bye". Timberlake's fourth studio album The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 was released on September 30, 2013 and debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200. Its lead single "Take Back the Night" was released on July 12, 2013, following by the second single "TKO". Timberlake was given a production and writing credit on track six on Beyoncé's self-titled fifth studio album, which was released in December 2013. At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, Timberlake was nominated for seven awards, eventually winning three: Best R&B Song for "Pusher Love Girl", Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Holy Grail", and Best Music Video for "Suit & Tie", which was directed by The Social Network director David Fincher. On February 25, 2014, "Not a Bad Thing" was released as the third single from The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2. The song reached the top 10 on the Hot 100 and topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart. In 2014, Timberlake appeared on Michael Jackson's second posthumous record Xscape on the song "Love Never Felt So Good", which was produced by Timbaland, Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon and Timberlake. On May 14, 2014, a music video was also released featuring clips of Jackson, with Timberlake accompanied by several of Jackson's fans performing some of Jackson's signature moves. The video was directed by Timberlake and Rich Lee. During 2015, Timberlake performed along with Jimmy Fallon the Saturday Night Live 40th Anniversary's cold open, returned to The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon as a guest to perform a sixth edition of the sketch "History of Rap", and performed along with Chris Stapleton at the 49th Annual Country Music Association Awards. Showcasing the final date of The 20/20 Experience World Tour at Las Vegas' MGM Grand Garden Arena, the space-age themed concert film titled Justin Timberlake + The Tennessee Kids and directed by Jonathan Demme premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 13. Timberlake dedicated the film to Prince for influencing his music. Ahead of its debut at the film festival, the streaming service Netflix released it on October 12. Timberlake composed the soundtrack and served as music supervisor for the 2017 film The Book of Love, which his wife Jessica Biel produced and starred in. Timberlake voiced the lead character in DreamWorks Animation's musical comedy Trolls opposite Anna Kendrick. The film was released in November 2016, and returned for its next two entries Trolls: World Tour and Trolls: Band Together in 2020 and 2023 respectively. He also served as the executive music producer, performing original music for the film. The lead single, "Can't Stop the Feeling!", was released on May 6, 2016. Timberlake was invited by Swedish broadcaster Sveriges Television to perform "Can't Stop the Feeling" live during the interval act at the grand finale of the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 on May 14, 2016. The single debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, and reached the top spot in other 16 countries. It became his eighth U.S. Mainstream Top 40 number-one song. It became the best-selling song of the year in the U.S. with 2.4 million downloads sold. On February 26, 2017, Timberlake opened the 89th Academy Awards with a performance of "Can't Stop the Feeling!", since the song earned him a nomination. Also that year, Timberlake starred with Kate Winslet and Juno Temple in Woody Allen's drama film Wonder Wheel, and headlined several festivals and live sets, including Rock in Rio, the United States Grand Prix, and the Pilgrimage Music & Cultural Festival, which he co-produced. 2018–2022: Man of the Woods and Super Bowl LII halftime show Speaking of his fifth studio album in 2016, Timberlake stated, "I think where I grew up in America has a lot of influence. Growing up in Tennessee—very central of the country—Memphis is known as the birthplace of rock & roll, but also the home of the blues, but Nashville's right down the street so there's a lot of country music." In following interviews, Timberlake confirmed working with producers Timbaland and Pharrell Williams, while stating, "It sounds more like where I've come from than any other music I've ever made... It's Southern American music. But I want to make it sound modern – at least that's the idea right now." His fifth studio album Man of the Woods was released on February 2, 2018, two days before he headlined the Super Bowl LII halftime show in Minneapolis, Minnesota on February 4, where Timberlake performed a medley of his songs featuring both the Tennessee Kids and the Minnesota Marching Band alongside him, as well as a duet of "I Would Die 4 U" with a video projection of late singer Prince on screen. The show contained multiple selections from Man of the Woods, which is named after his son Silas, whose name means "from the forest". The album's first single, "Filthy", was released on January 5, along with its accompanying video directed by Mark Romanek. The electro-funk song has reached number nine in the U.S. and number 5 in Canada. The songs "Supplies", "Say Something" featuring Chris Stapleton and "Man of the Woods" were also released along with music videos ahead of the album. His collaboration with Stapleton also reached the top 10 in the U.S. and Canada. Man of the Woods topped the Billboard 200 with the biggest first week sales of the year at the time, selling 293,000 total units. Man of the Woods also marks Timberlake's fourth consecutive No. 1 album and has since been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America . Man of the Woods concluded 2018 as the sixth best-selling album of the year. An accompanying tour of the same name began on March 13, 2018, in Toronto, Canada and concluded on April 13, 2019, in Uncasville. The Man of the Woods Tour was the sixth-highest-grossing tour of 2018. In May 2019, Timberlake received an honorary doctorate from Berklee College of Music. Missy Elliott and Alex Lacamoire also received doctorates at the ceremony. Following the announcement of Trolls World Tour, Timberlake teased potential collaborations with a number of artists, through a series of Instagram posts, which included frequent collaborators Pharrell Williams, Nathaniel Hills and Rob Knox, as well as new collaborators such as Anderson .Paak, Brandy Norwood, Lizzo, and Meek Mill. On February 26, 2020, SZA and Timberlake released the single "The Other Side", a song part of the Trolls World Tour soundtrack, alongside its music video. On March 9, 2020, Timberlake released a teaser for his upcoming song "Don't Slack", which features Anderson .Paak, and is also part of the Trolls World Tour soundtrack. The song was released on March 10, 2020. In September 2020, Timberlake and producer Timbaland teased a potential upcoming collaboration with Canadian musician Justin Bieber, as well as collaborations with Justine Skye, Hit-Boy and Ty Dolla Sign. In December 2020, Timberlake and Ant Clemons released the single "Better Days", which received its premier on the Rock the Runoff virtual concert, held by Stacey Abrams' organization Fair Fight. In January 2021, Timberlake performed as part of the inauguration of Joe Biden. Performing from his hometown of Memphis, Timberlake performed his collaboration with Ant Clemons during the Celebrating America special. Timberlake performed at Pharrell Williams' Something in the Water festival in Washington D.C., where he was joined on stage by T.I. and Clipse for his five-song set. 2023–present: Everything I Thought It Was In May 2023, Timbaland revealed that Timberlake's sixth studio album was completed, adding that their pair had revived the sound from the FutureSex/LoveSounds era. On September 1, 2023, Timbaland released the single "Keep Going Up", in collaboration with Furtado and Timberlake. Timberlake also reunited with his fellow former band members of NSYNC later that month and released the single "Better Place" in support of the Trolls Band Together soundtrack. In addition to "Keep Going Up" and "Better Place", Timberlake had also collaborated with Meek Mill on the song Believe, Romeo Santos on the song "Sin Fin", DJ Khaled on his album Khaled Khaled, on the song "Just Be", Justine Skye on her album, Space & Time, on the song "Innocent", Jack Harlow on his album Come Home the Kids Miss You, on the song "Parent Trap"; a remix of Coco Jones' "ICU" and a further remix of the song "3D" by Jungkook. Timberlake had also worked with Calvin Harris, producer of "Fuckin' Up the Disco" and "No Angels", on his song "Stay with Me", alongside Pharrell Williams and Halsey. On January 19, 2024, Timberlake performed a free one-night-only concert at the Orpheum in Memphis where he live-debuted his new single "Selfish" after teasing a new project on social media in previous days. In promotion of the record, on January 25, 2024, Timberlake appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon; he announced the release of "Selfish" and revealed that the album had taken four years to produce. "Selfish" debuted at number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100, marking Timberlake's highest debut in six years on the chart. It became his 39th career solo entry on the Hot 100, and his 29th to reach the top 40. On the release day of "Selfish", he also announced that his sixth studio album, Everything I Thought It Was, would be released in March 2024. Timberlake appeared as a musical guest on the January 27, 2024, episode of Saturday Night Live, singing "Selfish" and "Sanctified". On January 30, he appeared on The Kelly Clarkson Show and held an "intimate" concert at Irving Plaza in New York City on January 31, his 43rd birthday. He appeared as the musical guest, where he performed "Selfish" on The Graham Norton Show recorded in London on February 22, 2024, the night before he cancelled A One Night Only concert, to be held at the Roundhouse, London, on February 23, 2024. Timberlake was recovering from an illness. The promotional single "Drown" was released on February 23, 2024. Timberlake also appeared on Complex Networks Sneaker Shopping on March 11, 2024, and mentioned the release of his new album at the end of the video. On March 13, 2024, in anticipation of the album release, Timberlake performed a one-off concert at The Wiltern in Los Angeles. The show featured a surprise reunion with his NSYNC bandmates, with the group playing a medley of hits and the new album track “Paradise.” Timberlake then performed on NPR's Tiny Desk series on March 15 for a half-hour-long concert. Timberlake also announced the release of a documentary showing the album's creation process. The second single off the record, "No Angels", was released on March 15, 2024, the same day as the album's release. Everything I Thought It Was debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200, giving Timberlake his sixth consecutive top five album in the country. In April 2024, Timberlake opened the iHeartRadio Music Awards, performing both singles off the album, "Selfish" and "No Angels". Timberlake also promoted the album on the Forget Tomorrow World Tour, which began on April 29, 2024, in Vancouver, Canada. On February 23, 2024, Timberlake announced summer 2024 Europe tour dates. In March 2024, prior to the tour launching, Trace William Cowen of Complex reported that the Forget Tomorrow World Tour had become Timberlake's fastest selling tour to date. They stated that the tour had amassed over $140 million globally in initial ticket sales from over 70 dates and that more than one million attendees are expected. Cowen concluded that "Justin Timberlake's Forget Tomorrow World Tour Is Set to Become His Biggest Yet." On May 20, 2024, Pollstar announced that nine additional shows were added due to "overwhelming demand" and reported that over 1 million tickets were already sold, becoming Timberlake's fastest selling tour to date. The tour received generally positive reviews. Personal life Relationships and children In early 1999, Timberlake began dating fellow former The All New Mickey Mouse Club cast member and singer Britney Spears. Their relationship ended abruptly in March 2002. Spears wrote in her 2023 memoir The Woman in Me that she became pregnant during their relationship and had an abortion in late 2000 after Timberlake said they were not prepared for parenthood and he did not want to be a father. In 2003, he briefly dated British singer Emma Bunton. In April 2003, he began a relationship with actress Cameron Diaz soon after they met at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. After much speculation of breakups throughout their relationship, the couple split in December 2006 shortly after she introduced him as a musical guest on Saturday Night Live. In January 2007, Timberlake began dating actress Jessica Biel. They became engaged in December 2011 and married on October 19, 2012, at the Borgo Egnazia resort in Fasano, Italy. Their first child, a son, was born in April 2015. In July 2020, they had a second son. Legal issues Shortly after midnight on June 18, 2024, Timberlake was arrested in Sag Harbor, New York for driving while intoxicated . In addition to being charged with one count of DWI, Timberlake was issued two citations, one for running a stop sign and one for failure to keep in lane. He was released nine hours later following his first arraignment at Sag Harbor Village Justice Court. The Sag Harbor Police Department would later release his mugshot. Timberlake was scheduled to return to court on July 26, 2024. According to his arrest report, Timberlake alleged to authorities that he only had one martini shortly before he was pulled over. Despite making this claim, Timberlake refused a breathalyzer. On June 22, 2024, bartender employees at the hotel where Timberlake was staying before his DWI arrest confirmed to People that he only had one martini while at the hotel bar. One employee stating that “If he was drinking more, it wasn't here." However, according to the arrest report, the officer who pulled Timberlake over after he drove through a stop sign and failed to keep on the right side of the road stated that his "eyes were bloodshot and glassy" at the time, and that "A strong odor of an alcoholic beverage was emanating from his breath, he was unable to divide attention, he had slowed speech, he was unsteady afoot, and he performed poorly on all standardized field sobriety tests." During the stop, Timberlake reportedly said, "this is going to ruin the tour." The officer asked "what tour?" And Timberlake replied with "the world tour." That exchange went viral, spawning several memes. Despite the arrest, Timberlake still continued to perform concerts, including a concert in Chicago on June 21, 2024, where he appeared to address the arrest, saying "We've been through ups and downs and lefts and rights... It's been a tough week - but you're here, and I'm here...I know sometimes I'm hard to love, but you keep on loving me and I love you right back." Timberlake, who was performing overseas in Poland, would not attend his July 26, 2024 court arraignment, with his lawyer Edward Burke attending instead. Despite Burke's arguments that Timberlake was not intoxicated at the time of his arrest, Sag Harbor Village Justice Carl Irace ordered for Timberlake to be re-arraigned on August 2. For the August 2 arraignment, Timberlake, who was still on tour, appeared virtually from Antwerp, Belgium. During this arraignment, Timberlake pled not guilty to a revised misdemeanor charge of driving drunk. Irace also agreed to review Burke's motion to dismiss the DWI charge. However, Timberlake's New York license was suspended by the judge for an indeterminate amount of time. Timberlake was scheduled to have another hearing on August 9, 2024. In contrast to the August 2 hearing, Timberlake was not required to attend this court hearing. On September 11, 2024, it was revealed that Timberlake would plead guilty to a less serious traffic offense during his September 13 court appearance, with the DWI charge being dropped. Under his plea deal, Timberlake agreed to plead guilty to driving while impaired, a lesser offense which carries a penalty of a $300 to $500 fine and a 90-day driver license suspension. On September 13, 2024, during an in-person appearance at the Sag Harbor Village Justice Courthouse, Timberlake pled guilty to a noncriminal driving while impaired traffic violation. Irace then sentenced Timberlake to a $500 fine with a $260 surcharge, 25 hours of community service at the nonprofit of his choosing and required him to make a public safety announcement. It also revealed that Timberlake's refusal to take a breathlyzer automatically triggered a suspension of his driver's license under New York state law. Residences In July 2002, Timberlake purchased a 13,250-square-foot mansion in Hollywood Hills for $8.3 million from Helen Hunt. In 2010, Timberlake purchased a unit at 311 West Broadway in SoHo, formerly owned by Oscar de la Renta, for $6.56 million. He sold the unit in 2018 for $6.35 million, incurring a loss. In 2015, Timberlake bought a house in the Yellowstone Club near Big Sky, Montana. In May 2017, Timberlake and his wife, Jessica Biel, paid $20.2 million for a 5,375-square-foot penthouse unit at 443 Greenwich Street in Tribeca, Manhattan. Earnings Forbes began reporting on Timberlake's earnings in 2008, calculating that he earned $44 million between June 2007 and June 2008 for his music, tour, commercials, and hospitality, making him the world's 4th best-paid music personality at the time, above Madonna and Celine Dion. That year, he was ranked twelfth on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list and second on the "Best-Paid Celebrities Under 30" list. According to Billboard, Timberlake was the third highest-paid musician of 2013, with earnings of $31 million. He was ranked 26th with earnings of $57 million on the Celebrity 100 list for 2014, and 19th on the 2015 list with $63 million. Timberlake was listed at number three on the Billboard Money-Makers List of 2014. He was ranked 41st on the 2019 Celebrity 100 list by Forbes, with earnings of $57.5 million in 2019. Artistry Timberlake possesses a lyric tenor vocal range. He began including beatboxing in his records near the end of his boyband era and into his emergence as a solo act with Justified and FutureSex/LoveSounds. Many of his songs draw from his personal life and relationships, such as "Cry Me a River" . Described by critics as a "consummate showman", Timberlake usually plays guitar, piano and keyboard in his shows. The New York Times' editor Katie Rogers highlighted Timberlake's crossover appeal after his performance with Chris Stapleton at the 2015 Country Music Association Awards. Primarily an R&B album, his 2002 debut Justified also includes influence from dance-pop, funk and soul music. Timberlake has described it as influenced by Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder. For the album's supporting tour Justified and Stripped Tour, he co-headlined with Christina Aguilera, drawing praise from Robert Hilburn of the Los Angeles Times for his comfort in performing as part of a package. His 2006 followup album FutureSex/LoveSounds departed from his earlier work to explore a broader sound, with elements of rap, rock, funk, soul, gospel, new wave, opera, and world music. During production, Timberlake was interested in musical techniques associated with rock music, which inspired his approach to recording. He described the album as drawing from David Bowie and Prince. Other influences include late INXS-frontman Michael Hutchence, Arcade Fire, David Byrne, The Killers, The Strokes, and Radiohead. Timberlake's next album, The 20/20 Experience is a neo soul album partly inspired by the expansive song structures of 1960s and 1970s rock. Mikael Wood of the Los Angeles Times found its elaborate structures ambitious in the vein of Stevie Wonder, Prince, and Michael Jackson. He supported the album with a pair of tours: Legends of the Summer, which he co-headlined with Jay-Z, and The 20/20 Experience World Tour. These tours introduced his backing ensemble, the Tennessee Kids, a 15-piece multi-instrumentalist throwback to big band music. Public image Timberlake's fashion and style evolution, from "boy-band synchronized wardrobe days" to "a notable source of fashion inspiration to men all over", has been noticed by the media. As noted by a Billboard editor, "Since his solo career began with the 2002 release of debut album Justified, Timberlake has honed his unique sense of style", while citing Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Frank Sinatra as style influences: "guys who were just really never trying to be that [stylish], they just were that". According to American fashion designer Tom Ford, who has dressed Timberlake since 2011 and created more than 600 exclusive pieces for The 20/20 Experience World Tour, Timberlake "has a kind of effortless cool that makes classic menswear tailoring modern". The New York Times' editor Sia Michel wrote in 2007, "Since his last tour, for 2002's multiplatinum Justified, he has learned how to project sex-symbol edge" adding "he's a rock star who can commit." Napster's founder Sean Parker, portrayed by Timberlake in The Social Network, stated "I don't think I look anything like Timberlake, but it's not so bad being played by a sex symbol." In Nielsen Music's U.S. report for 2015, Timberlake led the "Top 10 Musicians Among Millennials" list. His high-profile relationships earned him the nickname "Trousersnake", a reference to his allegedly big penis. Wax statues of Timberlake are on display at the Madame Tussauds wax museums in New York, Las Vegas, Hollywood, Nashville, Berlin, Amsterdam, and London. His costume used in the Saturday Night Live skit "Dick in a Box" is displayed at "Saturday Night Live: The Exhibition" in New York. After New York legalized same-sex marriage in 2011, he voiced his support for LGBT equality in the U.S., stating, "We're people and we're different, all of us. And we should be using our differences to bring ourselves closer together." Timberlake and his wife Jessica Biel received the Inspiration Award at the GLSEN Respect Awards in 2015, with the executive director saying, "They are two vocal and committed allies to the LGBT community who are also devoted to charitable works that improve the lives of youth." Timberlake's pronunciation of the word "me" on "It's Gonna Be Me" was popularized as an internet meme titled "It's Gonna Be May", after a Tumblr image of Timberlake was posted in 2012 with the respective caption. The meme eventually became an annually recurring joke throughout the month of April, which gained the attention of Barack Obama and Timberlake himself. Influenced by the national attention received by Timberlake's selfie inside a voting booth shared on Instagram during the 2016 presidential election, which was at the moment an illegal act, Senator Brian Kelsey of Germantown, Tennessee brought up a bill that would allow taking photos in voting poll stations, with some exceptions against bad procedures. It was later approved by the Tennessee Senate. In June 2021, Timberlake spoke out in support of Britney Spears during her court battle over her conservatorship. Timberlake wrote on his Twitter that "No woman should ever be restricted from making decisions about her own body [...] [Jessica Biel] and I send our love, and our absolute support to Britney during this time. We hope the courts, and her family make this right and let her live however she wants to live". Controversies Following the release of Framing Britney Spears, public attention was brought to old comments Timberlake made in 2002 to describe his relationship with Britney Spears following their breakup, with some considering them to contain misogynistic rhetoric. It also led to renewed interest in his participation in the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy, where he exposed Janet Jackson's breast on live television. Following much public pressure, Timberlake issued a public apology on his Instagram page, writing he "benefited from a system that condones misogyny and racism" and "I do not want to ever benefit from others being pulled down again." He finished by saying "I care deeply about the wellbeing of the people I love and have loved. I can do better and I will do better". Public scrutiny surrounding the Super Bowl XXXVIII incident was raised when a stylist alleged that the plan was originally for Timberlake to step on the back of Jackson's dress "to reveal her butt in this pearl g-string" but that he changed the plan to exposing her breast because he wanted a "reveal" to "one-up" Britney Spears' and Madonna's kiss at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The claim that Timberlake wanted the breast reveal, however, is contradictory to a statement from Salli Frattini, the producer of the Halftime show, who stated in 2018 that the production team experimented with removing elements of clothing in rehearsal to reveal Jackson's skirt without nudity but that the idea was ultimately nixed. According to Frattini, it was Jackson's team who pitched the idea to Timberlake prior to the show that led to Jackson's breast being exposed. Legacy Timberlake has been referred to as the "President of Pop" and "Prince of Pop" by contemporary journalists. In a 2016 article of The Hollywood Reporter, editor Scott Feinberg stated Timberlake is "widely regarded as one of the greatest all-around entertainers in the history of show business". In 2003, Rolling Stone named him the biggest pop star of the year and featured him on the magazine's cover, commenting that he "attained the one thing most pop stars don't, and the one thing he wanted more than anything else: credibility". For Entertainment Weekly his second studio album, FutureSex/LoveSounds, "redefined pop's cutting edge"; for Vibe it "pushed boundaries more forcefully" than works by his male contemporaries. Fuse TV's editor Jason Lipshutz stated it "changed the game. [The album] was steely and sweaty, a universal dance opus that made room for intimacy. It had the best first half of any pop album in 25 years. You have to go back to 1979 for Off the Wall, to find a pop album with a first half that matches up." He was ranked 66th on the VH1 100 Greatest Artists of All-Time. Timberlake appeared for the first time on the Time 100 list of most influential people by Time in 2007. In 2013, he made his second appearance on the 100 list, with Stevie Wonder writing "Justin has accomplished a lot at a young age, taking advantage of all the possibilities, and yet he's found time to give of himself too—he gets and gives back. He has a spirit. He does God's work through using the most of his talent." Justified's single "Cry Me a River" was ranked at number 20 on Rolling Stone's 100 Best Songs of the 2000s, and one of their 500 greatest songs of all time. Billboard editor Jason Lipshutz named the song's music video "one of the more brilliant musical moments in pop music since the dawn of the century". His second album FutureSex/LoveSounds was placed at 46 on Rolling Stone's 100 Best Albums of the 2000s, the ninth best album of the decade for Entertainment Weekly, and the greatest of the decade for Vibe. The lead single, "SexyBack", helped introduce EDM sounds to top 40 radio, as it brought together variations of electronic dance music with Timberlake's R&B tone. Aside from earning critical acclaim for its parent album, Sia Michel of The New York Times noted that he was responsible for popularizing in 2006 the catchphrase "I'm bringing sexy back". Considered a pop icon by media outlets, his work has influenced numerous artists, including Justin Bieber, Shawn Mendes, Olly Murs, Maroon 5, Britney Spears, Lorde, Marilyn Manson, Joe Jonas, Thomas Rhett, Ed Sheeran, Jason Derulo, Tori Kelly, Liam Payne, Bridgit Mendler, Hunter Hayes, BoA, Seungri, Taeyang, Rain, Lloyd Banks, Maluma, Rosalía, and Jungkook. Bieber and Nick Jonas have cited him as one of their role models, with the latter stating is for "not only transitioning from where he started, but also balancing acting and singing". Christian hip hop artist tobyMac has stated Timberlake's work inspires him, commenting "he's setting himself up to be a classic, making decisions and moving on them. That's a great place to be." In the context of male artists that achieved commercial success after leaving their boy bands, Brittany Spanos from Rolling Stone wrote "Timberlake and Michael Jackson set a high bar for what could be attained by solo success in that they not only scored numerous number-one hits but they also crafted the mold for what it meant to be a male pop star", while for Variety's Jeremy Blacklow the singer is "the modern case study". Multiple music publications have deemed Justified as the standard for post boy-band solo albums and teen pop stars seeking credibility. Billboard critics discussed in 2018 whether Timberlake is "the Best Male Pop Star of the 21st century;" those in favor named his crossover appeal, career longevity, showmanship and credibility within the industry among the reasons. Achievements Throughout his solo career, Timberlake has sold over 32 million albums and 56 million singles globally, and a further 70 million records with NSYNC, making him one of the world's best-selling music artists. Timberlake has won ten Grammy Awards, four Emmy Awards, seven American Music Awards, three Brit Awards, nine Billboard Music Awards, and eleven MTV Video Music Awards. His Grammy wins include categories on the pop, dance and R&B genres; while his Emmy wins consist of two Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics and two Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series. Timberlake received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards and the Innovator Award at the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Awards. Among other awards, he won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year for "Mirrors" in 2013 and the Billboard Music Awards for Top Artist with the Top Billboard 200 Album for The 20/20 Experience in 2014. Timberlake received the inaugural Decade Award at the 2016 Teen Choice Awards for his continuous achievements since the release of FutureSex/LoveSounds . In October 2015, he was inducted into the Memphis Music Hall of Fame, becoming its youngest member. On April 30, 2018, Timberlake reunited with his NSYNC bandmates to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2019, Timberlake received a Contemporary Icon Award by the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and an honorary Doctor of Music degree from Berklee College of Music. All five of Timberlake's studio albums have been certified platinum or better by the RIAA and have received numerous awards. Worldwide sales figures for Justified stand at 10 million copies, FutureSex/LoveSounds at 10 million, and joint sales of The 20/20 Experience and 2 of 2 at 6 million copies. As of 2014, Timberlake has had seven songs exceed 3 million digital downloads in the United States, with "SexyBack" , "4 Minutes", "Dead and Gone", "Suit & Tie", "Mirrors", "Holy Grail", and "Can't Stop the Feeling!". According to Billboard, FutureSex/LoveShow was the third highest-grossing concert tour of 2007 and highest solo. The 20/20 Experience World Tour was an international success and became Timberlake's most successful tour to date. The tour was the highest-grossing led by a solo artist in 2014, and one of the highest-grossing tours of the decade. For its associated album, The 20/20 Experience, Timberlake was named 2013 Artist of the Year with the top-selling album by iTunes' annual list of best-sellers. In the United States, five of Timberlake's singles have topped the Billboard Hot 100: "SexyBack", "My Love" and "What Goes Around... Comes Around", "Give It to Me" and "Can't Stop the Feeling!". The latter became the 41st Hot 100 number one song to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. He topped nine Billboard Year-End charts for 2013, including Billboard 200 Artists and Billboard 200 Albums. For 2014, Timberlake was named Billboard Top Male Artist. Billboard published a list of "Greatest of All Time Pop Songs Artists" in 2017, where Timberlake ranked at number 5, being the top male soloist. The magazine also ranked him 25 on their "The Top 60 Male Artists of All-Time" list in 2018, and 64th on "The Hot 100's Top Artists of All Time". In 2019, Billboard ranked him 20th on their decade-end chart for "Top Artists" of the 2010s, and 74th on "Top 125 Greatest of All Time Artists Chart". Other ventures Business ventures Timberlake has co-owned or provided celebrity endorsement for three restaurants in the United States: "Chi" opened in West Hollywood, California in 2003, and "Destino" and "Southern Hospitality" in New York opened in 2006 and 2007, respectively. In 2005, Timberlake launched the William Rast clothing line with childhood friend Juan Ayala. The 2007 line contained cord jackets, cashmere sweaters, jeans, and polo shirts. The pair reports inspiration from fellow Memphis resident Elvis Presley: "Elvis is the perfect mixture of Justin and I", Ayala says. "You can go back and see pictures of him in cowboy boots and a cowboy hat and a nice button-down shirt, but then again you can see him in a tux and a collared shirt with rhinestones on it and slacks. We like to think 'If he was alive today, what would he be wearing?'" Target has announced that a William Rast collection, including denim, outerwear and sportswear for men and women, would launch in December and be available for a month. In 2015, the clothing line earned him a Lord & Taylor's Fashion Oracle Award at the Fashion Group International's Night of The Stars Gala. An avid amateur golfer, in 2007 Timberlake purchased the run-down Big Creek Golf Course in his hometown of Millington, Tennessee, which he redeveloped as the eco-friendly Mirimichi Golf Course at the cost of around $US16 million. It was reopened on July 25, 2009, but closed again on January 15, 2010, for further improvements expected to take six months. In October 2011, Timberlake received the Futures Award at the Environmental Media Awards for his green-conscious golf course. It was reported on November 7, 2014, that Timberlake had sold Mirimichi to Three Star Leasing LLC for $500,000. In October 2018, Timberlake and Levi's debuted their collaborative clothing line collection "Fresh Leaves". In 2022, Justin Timberlake invested in Greenville, South Carolina par-3 golf course Greenville 3's. Timberlake provides celebrity endorsement for many commercial products, this aspect of his business being managed by IMG since April 2008. Major endorsements in 2009 included Sony electronic products, Givenchy's men's fragrance "Play", the Audi A1, Callaway Golf Company products, and in 2011, Myspace. In 2011, he teamed up with Capital One to announce the winners of the inaugural Capital One Cup, in a six-minute advert, where he is repeatedly getting hit in the groin. In 2012, he hosted Walmart's annual shareholders meeting, saying, "I buy a lot at Walmart." In 2014, Timberlake partnered with Sauza Tequila to re-launch his own version of the beverage as part of the Sauza franchise: Sauza 901. In 2016, he became an investor in the beverage company Bai Brands. In 2017, Tiger Woods and Timberlake acquired an ownership stake in the Hurricane Junior Golf Tour. Timberlake and his wife Jessica Biel are minority owners of the Memphis Grizzlies. Timberlake is an Air Jordan brand ambassador. His first collection with the brand, the Legend of the Summer collection, debuted on the co-headlining tour of the same name with Jay-Z. These sneakers have gone on to resell for upwards of $10,000. In the lead up to his 2018 Super Bowl Halftime Show, Timberlake worked with famed Nike, Inc. designer Tinker Hatfield to design his own version of the Air Jordan 3. Timberlake debuted the shoe at the halftime show. Timberlake's performance was estimated to be worth $2.86 million in marketing for Nike, and is credited for reigniting interested in the Nike and Air Jordan brand. Nike went on to release several colorways as part of the collaboration with Timberlake. In May 2022, Timberlake sold the rights to his entire musical catalog, around 200 songs he wrote or co-wrote, to Hipgnosis Song Management for $100 million. The deal covers only pre-existing work, and not work he produces after the deal. Timberlake had an estimated net-worth of $250 million prior to the Hipgnosis deal, and is now estimated to be worth in excess of $350 million – making him one of the music industry's wealthiest solo performers. Philanthropy Timberlake has been active in several charitable pursuits, initially through NSYNC's "Challenge for the Children" aimed at a range of charities, and since 2001 through his "Justin Timberlake Foundation", which initially funded music education programs in schools, but now has a much broader agenda. In October 2005, the Grammy Association presented Timberlake with an award for his humanitarian efforts in Tennessee, alongside writer/director Craig Brewer, also a Memphis native. In November 2007, he donated $100,000 from takings from his Australian tour to Wildlife Warriors founded by Steve Irwin. On March 23, 2008, he donated $100,000 to the Memphis Rock N' Soul Museum and another $100,000 to the Memphis Music Foundation. On November 12, 2007, the PGA Tour announced that Timberlake, an avid golfer who plays to a six handicap, would become the host of the tour's Las Vegas tournament starting in 2008. With Timberlake's agreement to host the tournament, its name was changed to the Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospitals for Children Open. He played in the celebrity pro-am on the day before the competitive tournament and hosted a charity concert during the week of the tournament. The activity was a success and was repeated in 2009. A review of the value of celebrities to fundraising concluded that Timberlake's contribution to Shriners Hospitals for Children was the single most valuable celebrity endorsement in the U.S. during 2009, and worth over $US9 million. However, in 2012, the event's chair Raoul Frevel told reporters Timberlake would no longer be involved in the event: "We tried everything we could to get him more involved with our kids and the hospitals. But it seemed that when the TV cameras weren't on, he disappeared." Timberlake often participates in the American Century Championship and the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am. Both annual tournaments raise money for a range of national and local non-profits. In late 2012, Timberlake and his wife Jessica Biel volunteered in Far Rockaway, Queens over the weekend after Hurricane Sandy. Joined by their friend Timbaland, the couple helped distribute backpacks of supplies to members of the community who were still struggling after the hurricane. Timberlake has donated items for auction for several charities, including by Ten O'Clock Classics and MusiCares. In 2010, Timberlake participated in the Hope for Haiti Now telethon performing "Hallelujah". The cover was made available for digital download with all proceeds donated to organizations doing relief work in Haiti. In 2016, Timberlake was featured in a new version of "Where Is the Love?". The proceeds of the charity single will go to educational programs. In 2017, Timberlake and Eminem helped raise over $2 million for Manchester Arena bombing victims. Book Timberlake's autobiography, Hindsight & All the Things I Can't See In Front of Me, was released on October 30, 2018. The book covers some on and off camera candid images, the singer's early life and inspiration for songs. According to publisher HarperCollins, Hindsight includes a "collection of anecdotes, reflections, and observations on his life and work". Discography Studio albums Justified FutureSex/LoveSounds The 20/20 Experience The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 Man of the Woods Everything I Thought It Was Filmography Films starred Tours

=== Kamala Harris ===
Kamala Devi Harris is an American politician and attorney who served as the 49th vice president of the United States from 2021 to 2025 under President Joe Biden. She was the first female U.S. vice president, first African-American and the first Asian-American vice president, making her the highest-ranking female and Asian American official in U.S. history. She served from 2017 to 2021 as a United States senator representing California and from 2011 to 2017 as the attorney general of California. A member of the Democratic Party, she was the party's nominee in the 2024 presidential election. Born in Oakland, California, Harris graduated from Howard University and the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. She began her law career in the office of the district attorney of Alameda County. Harris was recruited to the San Francisco District Attorney's Office and later to the office of the city attorney of San Francisco. She was elected district attorney of San Francisco in 2003 and attorney general of California in 2010, and reelected as attorney general in 2014. Harris was the junior U.S. senator from California from 2017 to 2021 after winning the 2016 Senate election. She was the second Black woman and first South Asian American U.S. senator. As a senator, Harris advocated for stricter gun control laws, the DREAM Act, federal legalization of cannabis, and reforms to healthcare and taxation. She gained a national profile while asking pointed questions of officials in the first administration of Republican president Donald Trump during Senate hearings, including Trump's second U.S. Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh. Harris sought the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination in 2019, but withdrew from the race before the primaries. Biden selected her as his running mate; their ticket defeated the incumbent president and vice president, Trump and Mike Pence, in the 2020 presidential election. When Harris's vice presidency began, she presided over an evenly split U.S. Senate. She cast 33 tie-breaking votes, more than any other vice president, to pass the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 and the Inflation Reduction Act. In July 2024, after Biden withdrew his candidacy from the 2024 presidential election, Harris launched her own presidential campaign with his endorsement. She later became the nominee and selected Minnesota governor Tim Walz as her running mate. She ultimately lost the election to the Republican nominees, former president Trump and Ohio senator JD Vance. Early life and career Early life and education Kamala Devi Harris was born in Oakland, California, on October 20, 1964. Her mother, Shyamala Gopalan , was a biologist who arrived in the United States from India in 1958 to enroll in graduate school in endocrinology at the University of California, Berkeley. A research career of over 40 years followed, during which her work on the progesterone receptor gene led to advances in breast cancer research. Kamala's father, Donald J. Harris , is an Afro-Jamaican who immigrated to the United States in 1961 and also enrolled in UC Berkeley, specializing in development economics. The first Black scholar to be granted tenure at Stanford University's economics department, he has emeritus status there. Kamala's parents met in 1962 and married in 1963. The Harris family lived in Berkeley until they moved in 1966, around Kamala's second birthday. The Harrises lived for a few years in college towns in the Midwest where her parents held teaching or research positions: Urbana, Illinois ; Evanston, Illinois; and Madison, Wisconsin. By 1970, the marriage had faltered, and Shyamala moved back to Berkeley with her two daughters; the couple divorced when Kamala was seven. In 1972, Donald Harris accepted a position at Stanford University; Kamala and Maya spent weekends at their father's house in Palo Alto and lived at their mother's house in Berkeley during the week. Shyamala was friends with African-American intellectuals and activists in Oakland and Berkeley. In 1976, she accepted a research position at the McGill University School of Medicine, and moved with her daughters to Montreal, Quebec. Kamala graduated from Westmount High School on Montreal Island in 1981. Kamala Harris attended Vanier College in Montreal in 1981–1982; she then attended Howard University, a historically black university in Washington, D.C. At Howard, she became a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha, one of the "Divine Nine" historically black sororities. She graduated in 1986 with a degree in political science and economics. Harris then attended the University of California, Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, where she served as president of its chapter of the Black Law Students Association. She graduated with a Juris Doctor in 1989. Early career In 1990, Harris was hired as a deputy district attorney in Alameda County, California, where she was described as "an able prosecutor on the way up". In 1994, Speaker of the California Assembly Willie Brown, who was then dating Harris, appointed her to the state Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board and later to the California Medical Assistance Commission. In February 1998, San Francisco district attorney Terence Hallinan recruited Harris as an assistant district attorney. There, she became the chief of the Career Criminal Division, supervising five other attorneys, where she prosecuted homicide, burglary, robbery, and sexual assault cases—particularly three-strikes cases. In August 2000, Harris took a job at San Francisco City Hall, working for city attorney Louise Renne. Harris ran the Family and Children's Services Division, representing child abuse and neglect cases. Renne endorsed Harris during her D.A. campaign. San Francisco district attorney In 2002, Harris ran for district attorney of San Francisco, running a "forceful" campaign and differentiating herself from Hallinan by attacking his performance. Harris won the election with 56% of the vote, becoming the first person of color elected district attorney of San Francisco. She ran unopposed for a second term in 2007. Within the first six months of taking office, Harris cleared 27 of 74 backlogged homicide cases. She also pushed for higher bail for criminal defendants involved in gun-related crimes, arguing that historically low bail encouraged outsiders to commit crimes in San Francisco. SFPD officers credited Harris with tightening the loopholes defendants had used in the past. During her campaign, Harris pledged never to seek the death penalty, and kept to this in the cases of a San Francisco Police Department officer, Isaac Espinoza, who was shot and killed in 2004, and of Edwin Ramos, an illegal immigrant and alleged MS-13 gang member who was accused of murdering a man and his two sons in 2009. Harris created a Hate Crimes Unit, focusing on hate crimes against LGBT children and teens in schools, and supported A.B. 1160, the Gwen Araujo Justice for Victims Act. As district attorney, she created an environmental crimes unit in 2005. Harris expressed support for San Francisco's sanctuary city policy of not inquiring about immigration status in the process of a criminal investigation. In 2004, she created the San Francisco Reentry Division. Over six years, the 200 people graduated from the program had a recidivism rate of less than 10%, compared to the 53% of California's drug offenders who returned to prison within two years of release. In 2006, as part of an initiative to reduce the city's homicide rate, Harris led a citywide effort to combat truancy for at-risk elementary school youth in San Francisco. In 2008, declaring chronic truancy a matter of public safety and pointing out that the majority of prison inmates and homicide victims are dropouts or habitual truants, she issued citations against six parents whose children missed at least 50 days of school, the first time San Francisco prosecuted adults for student truancy. Harris's office ultimately prosecuted seven parents in three years, with none jailed. By April 2009, 1,330 elementary school students were habitual or chronic truants, down 23% from 1,730 in 2008, and from 2,517 in 2007 and 2,856 in 2006. Attorney general of California Harris was elected attorney general of California in 2010, becoming the first woman, African American, and South Asian American to hold the office in the state's history. She took office on January 3, 2011, and was reelected in 2014. She served until resigning on January 3, 2017, to take her seat in the United States Senate. In 2010, Harris announced her candidacy for attorney general and was endorsed by prominent California Democrats, including U.S. Senators Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. She won the Democratic primary and narrowly defeated Republican nominee Steve Cooley in the general election. Her tenure was marked by significant efforts in consumer protection, criminal justice reform, and privacy rights. In 2014, Harris was reelected, defeating Republican nominee Ronald Gold with 58% of the vote. Her future opponent in the 2024 United States presidential election, Donald Trump, contributed a total of $6,000 to her reelection campaign. In 2015, she donated the $6,000 contribution she received from Trump to a "nonprofit that advocates for civil and human rights for Central Americans." During her second term, Harris expanded her focus on consumer protection, recovering billions for California consumers by securing major settlements against corporations like Quest Diagnostics, JPMorgan Chase, and Corinthian Colleges. She spearheaded the creation of the Homeowner Bill of Rights to combat aggressive foreclosure practices during the housing crisis, recording multiple nine-figure settlements against mortgage servicers. Harris also worked on privacy rights. She collaborated with major tech companies like Apple, Google, and Facebook to ensure that mobile apps disclosed their data-sharing practices. She created the Privacy Enforcement and Protection Unit, focusing on cyber privacy and data breaches. California secured settlements with companies like Comcast and Houzz for privacy violations. Harris was instrumental in advancing criminal justice reform. She launched the Division of Recidivism Reduction and Re-Entry and implemented the Back on Track LA program, which provided educational and job training opportunities for nonviolent offenders. Despite her focus on reform, Harris faced criticism for defending the state's position in cases involving wrongful convictions and for her office's stance on prison labor. She continued to advocate for progressive reforms, including banning the gay panic defense in California courts and opposing Proposition 8, the state's same-sex marriage ban. U.S. senator Election After more than 20 years as a U.S. senator from California, Senator Barbara Boxer announced on January 13, 2015 that she would not run for reelection in 2016. Harris announced her candidacy for the Senate seat the next week. She was a top contender from the beginning of her campaign. The 2016 California Senate election used California's new top-two primary format, where the top two candidates in the primary advance to the general election regardless of party. On February 27, 2016, Harris won 78% of the California Democratic Party vote at the party convention, allowing her campaign to receive financial support from the party. Three months later, Governor Jerry Brown endorsed her. In the June 7 primary, Harris came in first with 40% of the vote and won with pluralities in most counties. Harris faced representative and fellow Democrat Loretta Sanchez in the general election. On July 19, President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden endorsed Harris. In the November 2016 election, Harris defeated Sanchez with over 60% of the vote, carrying all but four counties. After her victory, she promised to protect immigrants from the policies of president-elect Donald Trump and announced her intention to remain attorney general through the end of 2016. Harris became the second Black woman and first South Asian American senator in history. Tenure and political positions As a senator, Harris advocated stricter gun control laws, the DREAM Act, federal legalization of cannabis, and healthcare and taxation reforms. She became well known nationally after questioning several Trump appointees such as Jeff Sessions and Brett Kavanaugh. 2017 On January 28, after Trump signed Executive Order 13769, barring citizens from several Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. for 90 days, she condemned the order and was one of many to call it a "Muslim ban". She called White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly at home to gather information and push back against the executive order. In February, Harris spoke in opposition to Trump's cabinet picks Betsy DeVos for secretary of education and Jeff Sessions for United States attorney general. In early March, she called on Sessions to resign, after it was reported that Sessions, who had previously said he "did not have communications with the Russians", spoke twice with Russian ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak. In April, Harris voted against the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. Later that month, she took her first foreign trip to the Middle East, visiting California troops stationed in Iraq and the Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan, the largest camp for Syrian refugees. In June, Harris garnered media attention for her questioning of Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, over the role he played in the May 2017 firing of James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The prosecutorial nature of her questioning caused Senator John McCain, an ex officio member of the Intelligence Committee, and Senator Richard Burr, the committee chairman, to interrupt her and request that she be more respectful of the witness. A week later, she questioned Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, on the same topic. Sessions said her questioning "makes me nervous". Burr's singling out of Harris sparked suggestions in the news media that his behavior was sexist, with commentators arguing that Burr would not treat a male Senate colleague in a similar manner. In December, Harris called for the resignation of Senator Al Franken, writing on Twitter, "Sexual harassment and misconduct should not be allowed by anyone and should not occur anywhere." 2018 In January, Harris was appointed to the Senate Judiciary Committee after Franken resigned. Later that month, she questioned Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen for favoring Norwegian immigrants over others and for claiming to be unaware that Norway is a predominantly white country. Also in January, Harris and senators Heidi Heitkamp, Jon Tester, and Claire McCaskill co-sponsored the Border and Port Security Act, legislation to mandate that U.S. Customs and Border Protection "hire, train and assign at least 500 officers per year until the number of needed positions the model identifies is filled" and require the commissioner of Customs and Border Protection to determine potential equipment and infrastructure improvements for ports of entry. In May, Harris heatedly questioned Nielsen about the Trump administration family separation policy, under which children were separated from their families when their parents were taken into custody for illegally entering the U.S. In June, after visiting one of the detention facilities near the border in San Diego, Harris became the first senator to demand Nielsen's resignation. In the September and October Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court confirmation hearings, Harris questioned Brett Kavanaugh about a meeting he may have had regarding the Mueller Investigation with a member of Kasowitz Benson Torres, the law firm founded by Donald Trump's personal attorney, Marc Kasowitz. Kavanaugh was unable to answer and repeatedly deflected. Harris also participated in questioning the FBI director's limited scope of the investigation of Kavanaugh regarding allegations of sexual assault. She voted against his confirmation. Harris was a target of the October 2018 United States mail bombing attempts. In December, the Senate passed the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act , sponsored by Harris. The bill, which died in the House, would have made lynching a federal hate crime. 2019 Harris supported busing for desegregation of public schools, saying, "the schools of America are as segregated, if not more segregated, today than when I was in elementary school." She viewed busing as an option to be considered by school districts, rather than the responsibility of the federal government. Harris was an early co-sponsor of the Green New Deal, a plan to transition the country towards generating 100 percent renewable electricity by 2030. In March 2019, after special counsel Robert Mueller submitted his report on Russian interference in the 2016 election, Harris called for U.S. attorney general William Barr to testify before Congress in the interests of transparency. Two days later, Barr released a four-page "summary" of the redacted Mueller Report, which was criticized as a deliberate mischaracterization of its conclusions. Later that month, Harris was one of 12 Democratic senators led by Mazie Hirono to sign a letter questioning Barr's decision to offer "his own conclusion that the President's conduct did not amount to obstruction of justice", and called for an investigation into whether Barr's summary of the Mueller report and his statements at a news conference were misleading. In April 2019, Harris was one of 34 Senate Democrats and independents to write a letter urging President Trump not to cut aid to El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. The group wrote: We encourage you to listen to members of your own Administration and reverse a decision that will damage our national security and aggravate conditions inside Central America....Since taking office, you have consistently expressed a flawed understanding of U.S. foreign assistance. It is neither charity, nor is it a gift to foreign governments. Our national security funding is specifically designed to promote American interests, enhance our collective security, and protect the safety of our citizens... By obstructing the use of [Fiscal Year 2018] national security funding and seeking to terminate similar funding from [Fiscal Year 2017], you are personally undermining efforts to promote U.S. national security and economic prosperity. On May 1, 2019, Barr testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee. During the hearing, he remained defiant about the misrepresentations in the four-page summary he had released ahead of the full report. When asked by Harris whether he had reviewed the underlying evidence before deciding not to charge Trump with obstruction of justice, Barr admitted that neither he, Rod Rosenstein, nor anyone in his office had reviewed the evidence supporting the report before making the charging decision. Harris later called for Barr to resign, accusing him of refusing to answer her questions because he could open himself up to perjury, and saying his responses disqualified him from serving as U.S. attorney general. Two days later, Harris demanded again that Department of Justice inspector general Michael E. Horowitz investigate whether Barr acceded to pressure from the White House to investigate Trump's political enemies. On May 5, 2019, Harris said "voter suppression" prevented Democrats Stacey Abrams and Andrew Gillum from winning the 2018 gubernatorial elections in Georgia and Florida; Abrams lost by 55,000 votes and Gillum by 32,000. According to election law expert Richard L. Hasen, "I have seen no good evidence that the suppressive effects of strict voting and registration laws affected the outcome of the governor's races in Georgia and Florida." In July, Harris teamed with Kirsten Gillibrand to urge the Trump administration to investigate the persecution of Uyghurs in China by the Chinese Communist Party; in this question she was joined by Senator Marco Rubio. In November, Harris called for an investigation into the death of Roxsana Hernández, a transgender woman and immigrant who died in ICE custody. In December, Harris led a group of Democratic senators and civil rights organizations in demanding the removal of White House senior adviser Stephen Miller after emails published by the Southern Poverty Law Center revealed frequent promotion of white nationalist literature to Breitbart website editors. 2020 Before the opening of the impeachment trial of Donald Trump on January 16, 2020, Harris delivered remarks on the floor of the Senate, stating her views on the integrity of the American justice system and the principle that nobody, including an incumbent president, is above the law. She later asked Senate Judiciary chairman Lindsey Graham to halt all judicial nominations during the impeachment trial, to which Graham acquiesced. Harris voted to convict Trump on charges of abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. Harris worked on bipartisan bills with Republican co-sponsors, including a bail reform bill with Rand Paul, an election security bill with James Lankford, and a workplace harassment bill with Lisa Murkowski. 2021 Following her election as Vice President of the United States, Harris resigned from her seat on January 18, 2021, before taking office on January 20; she was replaced by California secretary of state Alex Padilla. Committee assignments While in the Senate, Harris was a member of the following committees: Committee on the Budget Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management Select Committee on Intelligence Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law Caucus memberships Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus Congressional Black Caucus Congressional Caucus for Women's Issues 2020 presidential election Presidential campaign Harris had been considered a top contender and potential front-runner for the 2020 Democratic nomination for president. In June 2018, she said she was "not ruling it out". In July 2018, it was announced that she would publish a memoir, a sign of a possible run. On January 21, 2019, Harris officially announced her candidacy for president of the United States in the 2020 presidential election. In the first 24 hours after her announcement, she tied a record set by Bernie Sanders in 2016 for the most donations raised in the day after an announcement. More than 20,000 people attended her campaign launch event in her hometown of Oakland, California, on January 27, according to a police estimate. During the first Democratic presidential debate in June 2019, Harris scolded former vice president Joe Biden for "hurtful" remarks he made, speaking fondly of senators who opposed integration efforts in the 1970s and working with them to oppose mandatory school bussing. Harris's support rose by between six and nine points in polls after that debate. In the second debate in August, Biden and Representative Tulsi Gabbard confronted Harris over her record as attorney general. The San Jose Mercury News assessed that some of Gabbard's and Biden's accusations were on point, such as blocking the DNA testing of a death row inmate, while others did not withstand scrutiny. In the immediate aftermath of the debate, Harris fell in the polls. Over the next few months her poll numbers fell to the low single digits. Harris faced criticism from reformers for tough-on-crime policies she pursued while she was California's attorney general. In 2014, she defended California's death penalty in court. Before and during her presidential campaign, an online informal organization using the hashtag #KHive formed to support Harris's candidacy and defend her from racist and sexist attacks. According to the Daily Dot, Joy Reid first used the term in an August 2017 tweet saying "@DrJasonJohnson @ZerlinaMaxwell and I had a meeting and decided it's called the K-Hive." On December 3, 2019, Harris withdrew from the 2020 presidential election, citing a shortage of funds. In March 2020, she endorsed Joe Biden for president. Vice presidential campaign In May 2019, senior members of the Congressional Black Caucus endorsed the idea of a Biden–Harris ticket. In late February 2020, Biden won a landslide victory in the 2020 South Carolina Democratic primary with the endorsement of House whip Jim Clyburn, with more victories on Super Tuesday. In early March, Clyburn suggested Biden choose a black woman as a running mate, saying, "African American women needed to be rewarded for their loyalty". In March, Biden committed to choosing a woman for his running mate. On April 17, 2020, Harris responded to media speculation and said she "would be honored" to be Biden's running mate. In late May, in relation to the murder of George Floyd and ensuing protests and demonstrations, Biden faced renewed calls to select a black woman as his running mate, highlighting the law enforcement credentials of Harris and Val Demings. On June 12, The New York Times reported that Harris was emerging as the front-runner to be Biden's running mate, as she was the only African American woman with the political experience typical of vice presidents. On June 26, CNN reported that more than a dozen people close to the Biden search process considered Harris one of Biden's top four contenders, along with Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, and Keisha Lance Bottoms. On August 11, 2020, Biden announced he had chosen Harris. She was the first African American, the first Indian American, and the third woman after Geraldine Ferraro and Sarah Palin to be the vice-presidential nominee on a major-party ticket. Harris is also the first resident of the Western United States to appear on the Democratic Party's national ticket. Harris became the vice president–elect after Biden won the 2020 presidential election. Vice presidency Harris was sworn in as vice president on 11:40 a.m. on January 20, 2021, by Justice Sonia Sotomayor. She is the United States' first woman vice president, first African-American vice president, and first Asian-American vice president. Harris is the third person with acknowledged non-European ancestry to become president or vice president. Her first act as vice president was to swear in three new senators: Alex Padilla and Georgia senators Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff. Senate presidency When Harris took office, the 117th Congress's Senate was divided 50–50 between Republicans and Democrats; this meant that she was often called upon to exercise her power to cast tie-breaking votes as president of the Senate. Harris cast her first two tie-breaking votes on February 5. In February and March, Harris's tie-breaking votes were required to pass the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 stimulus package Biden proposed, since no Senate Republicans voted for it. On July 20, Harris broke Mike Pence's record for tie-breaking votes in the first year of a vice presidency when she cast the seventh tie-breaking vote in her first six months. She cast 13 tie-breaking votes during her first year in office, the most tie-breaking votes in a single year in U.S. history, surpassing John Adams, who cast 12 in 1790. On December 5, 2023, Harris broke the record for the most tie-breaking votes cast by a vice president, casting her 32nd vote, exceeding John C. Calhoun, who cast 31 votes during his nearly eight years in office. When she left office, she had cast 33 such votes. On November 19, 2021, Harris served as acting president from 10:10 to 11:35 am EST while Biden underwent a colonoscopy. She was the first woman, and the third person overall, to assume the powers and duties of the presidency as acting president of the United States. As early as December 2021, Harris was identified as playing a pivotal role in the Biden administration owing to her tie-breaking vote in the evenly divided Senate as well as her being the presumed front-runner in 2024 if Biden did not seek reelection. Immigration On March 24, 2021, Biden assigned Harris to work with Mexico and Northern Triangle nations to stem irregular migration to the Mexico–United States border and address the root causes of migration. The Root Causes Strategy was the product of this effort. Multiple news organizations at the time described Harris as a "border czar", though Harris rejected the title and never actually held it. Republicans and other critics began using the term "border czar" to tie Harris to the Mexico–United States border crisis, including in a July 2024 House resolution, despite her having no authority over the border itself.Harris conducted her first international trip as vice president in June 2021, visiting Guatemala and Mexico in an attempt to address the root causes of an increase in migration from Central America to the United States. During her visit, in a joint press conference with Guatemalan president Alejandro Giammattei, Harris issued an appeal to potential migrants: "I want to be clear to folks in the region who are thinking about making that dangerous trek to the United States-Mexico border: Do not come. Do not come." Her work in Central America led to creation of: Task forces on corruption and human trafficking The Partnership for Central America The women's empowerment program in Her Hands, part of the Partnership for Central America Investment funds for housing and businesses Foreign policy Harris met with French president Emmanuel Macron in November 2021 to strengthen ties after the contentious cancellation of a submarine program. Another meeting was held in November 2022 during Macron's visit to the U.S., resulting in an agreement to strengthen U.S.–France space cooperation across civil, commercial, and national security sectors. In April 2021, Harris said she was the last person in the room before Biden decided to remove all U.S. troops from Afghanistan, adding that Biden had "an extraordinary amount of courage" and "make[s] decisions based on what he truly believes ... is the right thing to do". National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan said that Biden "insists she be in every core decision-making meeting. She weighs in during those meetings, often providing unique perspectives." Harris assumed a "key diplomatic role" in the Biden administration, particularly after the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, after which she was dispatched to Germany and Poland to rally support for arming Ukraine and imposing sanctions on Russia. In April 2023, Harris visited Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland with South Korean president Yoon Suk Yeol and agreed to work to strengthen the space alliance between the U.S. and South Korea. "We renew our commitment to strengthen our cooperation in the next frontier of our expanding alliance, and of course that is space," Harris said at a joint news conference with Yoon. In November 2023, Harris pledged that the Biden administration would place no conditions on U.S. aid to Israel in its war with Hamas in Gaza. In March 2024, she criticized Israel's actions during the Gaza war, saying, "Given the immense scale of suffering in Gaza, there must be an immediate ceasefire for at least the next six weeks...This will get the hostages out and get a significant amount of aid in." 2024 presidential election In April 2023, incumbent president Joe Biden announced his reelection campaign, with Harris as his running mate. After the Democratic primaries, the pair became the party's presumptive nominees in the 2024 presidential election. Concerns about Biden's age and health persisted throughout Biden's first term, with renewed scrutiny after his performance in the first presidential debate, on June 27. Presidential campaign On July 21, 2024, Biden suspended his reelection campaign and endorsed Harris for president. She was also endorsed by Jimmy Carter, Bill and Hillary Clinton, Barack and Michelle Obama, the Congressional Black Caucus, and many others. In the first 24 hours of her candidacy, her campaign raised $81 million in small-dollar donations, the highest single-day total of any presidential candidate in history. Had she won, Harris would have been the first female and first Asian-American president of the United States, and the second African-American president after Obama. Harris is the first nominee who did not participate in the primaries since Vice President Hubert Humphrey in 1968. She also had the shortest general election presidential campaign in history, at 107 days. By August 5, Harris had officially secured the nomination via a virtual roll call of delegates. The next day, she announced Minnesota governor Tim Walz as her vice-presidential running mate. On August 22, the fourth day of the Democratic National Convention, Harris officially accepted the Democratic nomination for president. On September 10, 2024, ABC News hosted the presidential debate between Harris and Trump in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In the debate, Trump tried to portray Harris as a "radical liberal". Harris's sharpest criticisms of Trump came on abortion rights, where she said she would restore women's rights to what they were under Roe. Harris was declared the winner of the debate by several political analysts, including columnists from CNN, Politico, The New York Times, and USA Today. Some analysts noted that for Harris, this was the "best debate performance of her career," in which she forcefully highlighted her strengths and rattled former president Trump. After the debate, Harris got a prominent celebrity endorsement from Taylor Swift. However, the polls remained close and showed Harris had a hard time conveying that she could represent a "change". On October 30, Harris delivered a half-hour speech at the Ellipse in Washington, D.C., intended as a "closing argument" for her campaign. Her statements about tax-funded gender-affirming surgery for transgender people in prison were attacked by Trump, who spent millions on a political advertisement that said, "Kamala is for they/them, President Trump is for you." Trump's campaign spent more money on the advertisement than any other in the campaign. Harris lost the 2024 United States presidential election to Trump, conceding the next day in a speech at her alma mater, Howard University, becoming the first defeated nominee since Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election to do so. She lost the electoral college 226 to 312, and the popular vote 48.3% to 49.8%. Losses in the "blue wall" states of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania were considered key to her defeat, in addition to losing the swing states Nevada, Arizona, Georgia, and North Carolina. Harris's loss was part of a global backlash against incumbent parties in 2024, in part due to the 2021-2023 inflation surge. All 50 states and DC trended rightward compared to the 2020 presidential election. On January 6, 2025, in her role as president of the Senate, Harris oversaw the certification of Trump and Vance as the winners of the election. Post-vice presidency Harris left office on January 20, 2025, succeeded by the 50th vice president of the United States, JD Vance. She and her husband moved to Los Angeles, where they helped distribute food to victims of the Palisades Fire. On February 18, 2025, Harris signed with Creative Artists Agency to focus on speaking and publishing opportunities. On February 22, 2025, Harris received the Chairman's prize at 56th NAACP Image Awards. On March 21, 2025, President Trump took away a courtesy normally extended to former vice presidents by revoking Harris's security clearance. Harris has been mentioned as a possible candidate for both the 2026 California gubernatorial election and the 2028 United States presidential election. Electoral history Political positions Harris's domestic platform supports national abortion protections, LGBTQ+ rights, stricter gun control, and limited legislation to address climate change. On immigration, she supports an earned pathway to citizenship and increases in border security, as well as addressing the root causes of illegal immigration by means of the RCS program. On foreign policy, Harris supports continued military aid to Ukraine and Israel in their respective wars, but insists that Israel should agree to a ceasefire and hostage deal and work toward a two-state solution. She opposes an arms embargo on Israel. Harris has departed from Biden on economic issues, proposing what has been called a "populist" economic agenda. Abortion Harris supports abortion rights, and reproductive health care was central to her presidential campaign. She has been called "the Biden administration's voice for reproductive rights" and "the White House's voice of unflinching support for reproductive health rights." Several abortion rights and women's organizations supported her after Biden withdrew from the race, with Reproductive Freedom for All saying "there is nobody who has fought as hard [as Harris] for abortion rights and access" and EMILY's List calling her "our most powerful advocate and messenger" on reproductive rights. As of 2020, Harris had a 100% rating from the abortion rights advocacy group Planned Parenthood Action Fund, and a 0% rating from the anti-abortion group National Right to Life Committee. EMILY's List endorsed her in 2015, during her senatorial campaign. LGBT rights As California attorney general, Harris refused to defend Prop 8 in federal court, and after Prop 8 was struck down in Hollingsworth v. Perry in 2013, she ordered the Los Angeles County Clerk's office to "start the marriages immediately". She officiated at the wedding of the plaintiffs in the case, Kris Perry and Sandy Stier, at San Francisco City Hall. As a member of the U.S. Senate, Harris co-sponsored the Equality Act. In July 2018, Harris led her colleagues in introducing the Gay and Trans Panic Defense Prohibition Act of 2018, a nationwide bill that would curtail the effectiveness of the so-called gay and trans panic defenses, an issue she pioneered as district attorney of San Francisco. In October 2019, Harris participated in a CNN/Human Rights Campaign town hall on LGBTQ rights and pledged her support for "all of the folks who are fighting for equality" in cases that would determine whether gay and transgender people are protected under laws banning federal workplace discrimination. Harris drew attention to the epidemic of hate crimes committed against Black trans women , noting that LGBTQ people of color are doubly discriminated against. Harris has since been criticized for a 2015 federal court motion she filed to block gender-affirming medical care for a transgender inmate serving in a California state prison while she was California attorney general, after the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals had ruled that denying that treatment violated the 8th Amendment's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment. Criminal justice In December 2018, Harris voted for the First Step Act, legislation aimed at reducing recidivism rates among federal prisoners by expanding job training and other programs, in addition to forming an expansion of early release programs and modifications on sentencing laws such as mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent drug offenders, "to more equitably punish drug offenders". In March 2020, Harris was one of 15 senators to sign a letter to the Federal Bureau of Prisons and private prison companies GEO Group, CoreCivic, and Management and Training Corporation requesting information on their strategy to address the COVID-19 pandemic, asserting that it was "critical that [you] have a plan to help prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus to incarcerated individuals and correctional staff, along with their families and loved ones, and provide treatment to incarcerated individuals and staff who become infected." In June 2020, after a campaign by a coalition of community groups, including Black Lives Matter, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti announced Los Angeles Police Department budget cuts of $150 million. Harris supported the decision: In 2020 Harris tweeted in support of donations to the Minnesota Freedom Fund, a bail fund assisting those arrested in the George Floyd protests, though she did not donate to the fund herself. Harris's criminal justice record has been seen as mixed, with critics calling her "tough on crime" even though she called herself a "progressive prosecutor", citing her reluctance to release prisoners and anti-truancy policies. In her 2009 book, Harris criticized liberals for what she called "biases against law enforcement". Personal life In the early 1970s, Harris often went with her mother to Chennai, India, where they stayed with her maternal grandfather. She learned to wear traditional Indian dress and speak a few phrases of the Tamil language. In the 1990s, Harris dated Willie Brown, Speaker of the California Assembly and then Mayor of San Francisco . In 2001, she briefly dated talk show host Montel Williams. Harris met her husband, attorney Doug Emhoff, through a mutual friend who set them up on a blind date in 2013. Emhoff, who was born in a Jewish family, was an entertainment lawyer who became partner-in-charge at Venable LLP's Los Angeles office. Harris and Emhoff married on August 22, 2014, in Santa Barbara, California. Harris is stepmother to Emhoff's two children, Cole and Ella, from his previous marriage to the film producer Kerstin Emhoff. As of August 2024, Harris and her husband had an estimated net worth of $8 million. Harris is a Baptist, holding membership of the Third Baptist Church of San Francisco, a congregation of the American Baptist Churches USA. She is a member of The Links, an invitation-only social and service organization of prominent Black American women. Harris is a gun owner. Public image Though the public had an unfavorable view of Harris as vice president, setting a record low, her public image improved after Biden withdrew his candidacy for reelection. Notably, her approval rating rose 13% among Democrats. Harris's term as vice president has seen high staff turnover—including the departures of her chief of staff, deputy chief of staff, press secretary, deputy press secretary, communications director, and chief speechwriter—which critics allege reflects dysfunction and demoralization. Axios reported that at least some of the turnover was due to exhaustion from a demanding transition into the new administration, as well as financial and personal considerations. For most of her tenure, Harris had one of the lowest approval ratings of any vice president. According to a RealClear Politics polling average, a record low of 34.8% of Americans had a favorable view of her in August 2022, but this number rose rapidly after she became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee in July 2024. Harris had a net favorable rating by September 9. In 2024, a video clip from 2023 went viral of Harris saying "You think you just fell out of a coconut tree? You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you" at a White House event. Since the launch of her 2024 presidential campaign, that and other Harris remarks have been widely shared as memes, resulting in press coverage of her public image. Harris's often boisterous laughter has been called one of her "most defining and most dissected personal traits". She says she got her laugh from her mother. Publications Harris has written two nonfiction books and one children's book. Harris, Kamala; O'C. Hamilton, Joan . Smart on Crime: A Career Prosecutor's Plan to Make Us Safer. San Francisco: Chronicle Books. ISBN 978-0-8118-6528-9. Harris, Kamala . The Truths We Hold: An American Journey. London: Penguin. ISBN 978-1-9848-8622-4. Harris, Kamala . Superheroes Are Everywhere. London: Penguin Young Readers Group. ISBN 978-1-9848-3749-3.

=== Kanye West ===
Ye , born Kanye Omari West , is an American rapper and record producer. One of the most prominent figures in hip-hop, he is known for his varying musical style and polarizing cultural and political commentary. After dropping out of college to pursue a career in music, West began producing for regional artists in the Chicago area. As an in-house producer for Roc-A-Fella Records, he co-produced albums including Jay-Z's The Blueprint before signing with the label as a recording artist. West's debut studio album, The College Dropout , was met with critical acclaim and yielded the Billboard Hot 100-number one single "Slow Jamz". He peaked the chart on four other occasions with the singles "Gold Digger" , "Stronger" , "E.T." , and "Carnival" . West's second and third studio albums, Late Registration and Graduation , both debuted atop the Billboard 200, the latter becoming West's most commercially successful to date. Three of his subsequent albums, 808s & Heartbreak , My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy , and The Life of Pablo , were certified triple platinum, and Yeezus was certified double platinum. Ye , Jesus Is King , and Donda continued West's series of consecutive number one debuts on the Billboard 200. West has also released the collaborative albums Watch the Throne with Jay-Z, Kids See Ghosts with Kid Cudi, as well as Vultures 1 and Vultures 2 with Ty Dolla Sign. In 2025, he released the visual album Bully. In fashion design, he has collaborated with Nike, Inc., Louis Vuitton, and Gap Inc. on clothing and footwear, and led the Yeezy collaboration with Adidas. One of the world's best-selling music artists with 160 million records sold, West has won 24 Grammy Awards, the 7th-most of all time. His other accolades include a Billboard Artist Achievement Award, a joint-record three Brit Awards for Best International Male Solo Artist, and the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. West holds the joint record for most albums topping the annual Pazz & Jop critic poll. Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2005 and 2015. West's first six solo albums were included on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list in 2020, with the same publication naming him one of the 100 Greatest Songwriters of All Time. West's outspoken views have received significant media coverage. He has been a frequent source of controversy due to his conduct on social media, at award shows and in public settings, as well as his comments on the music and fashion industries, U.S. politics, race, and slavery. His Christian faith, high-profile marriage to Kim Kardashian, and mental health have also been topics of media attention. In 2020, West launched an unsuccessful independent presidential campaign that advocated for a consistent life ethic. Starting in 2022, West has drawn widespread condemnation—and lost sponsors and partnerships—for his antisemitic views. He has self-identified as a Nazi, praised Adolf Hitler, used swastika imagery, and denied the Holocaust. Early life Kanye Omari West was born on June 8, 1977, in Atlanta, Georgia. After his parents divorced when he was three years old, he moved with his mother to Chicago, Illinois. His father, Ray West, is a former Black Panther and was one of the first black photojournalists at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Ray later became a Christian counselor, and in 2006, opened the Good Water Store and Café in Lexington Park, Maryland, with startup capital from his son. West's mother, Donda C. West , was a professor of English at Clark Atlanta University and the Chair of the English Department at Chicago State University before retiring to serve as his manager. West was raised in a middle-class environment, attending Polaris School for Individual Education in suburban Oak Lawn, Illinois, after living in Chicago. At the age of 10, West moved with his mother to Nanjing, China, where she was teaching at Nanjing University as a Fulbright Scholar. According to his mother, West was the only foreigner in his class, but he settled in well and quickly picked up the language, although he has since forgotten most of it. When asked about his grades in high school, West replied, "I got A's and B's." West demonstrated an affinity for the arts at an early age; he began writing poetry when he was five years old. West started rapping in the third grade and began making musical compositions in the seventh grade, eventually selling them to other artists. West crossed paths with producer No I.D., who became West's friend and mentor.: 557 After graduating from high school, West received a scholarship to attend Chicago's American Academy of Art in 1997 and began taking painting classes. Shortly after, he transferred to Chicago State University to study English. At age 20, he dropped out to pursue his musical career. This greatly displeased his mother, who was also a professor at the university, although she would later accept the decision.: 558 Musical career 1996–2002: Early work and Roc-A-Fella West began his early production career in the mid-1990s, creating beats primarily for burgeoning local artists in the Chicago area. He received his first official production credits at age nineteen, when he produced eight tracks on Down to Earth, the 1996 debut album of Chicago-based underground rapper Grav. In 1998, West was the first producer signed to the management-production company Hip Hop Since 1978, founded by Gee Roberson and Kyambo "Hip-Hop" Joshua. For a time, West acted as a ghost producer for Deric "D-Dot" Angelettie. Due to his association with Angelettie, West was not able to release a solo album, so he formed the Go-Getters, a hip-hop group composed of him and fellow Chicago natives GLC, Timmy G, Really Doe, and Arrowstar. The Go-Getters independently released their first and only studio album, World Record Holders in 1999 through West's company, Konman Productions. West spent much of the late 1990s further producing for several musical acts. He produced the third track on Foxy Brown's second studio album Chyna Doll , which became the second hip-hop album by a female rapper to peak atop the US Billboard 200 chart. In 2000, West began producing for artists on Roc-A-Fella Records as an in-house producer. West is often credited with revitalizing Jay-Z's career with extensive contributions to his 2001 album The Blueprint, which Rolling Stone ranked among their list of greatest hip-hop albums. West produced songs for label cohorts such as Beanie Sigel and Freeway, but also produced beats which were used by artists on other labels including Ludacris, Alicia Keys, and Janet Jackson. Meanwhile, West struggled to attain a record deal as a rapper. Multiple record companies, including Capitol Records, denied or ignored him because he did not portray the gangsta image prominent in mainstream hip-hop at the time.: 556 Desperate to keep West from defecting to another label, then-label head Damon Dash reluctantly signed West to Roc-A-Fella as a recording artist.: 556 A 2002 car accident, which shattered his jaw, inspired West; two weeks after being admitted to the hospital, he recorded "Through the Wire" at the Record Plant Studios with his jaw still wired shut. The song was first included on West's debut mixtape Get Well Soon..., which was released in December 2002. At the same time, West announced that he was working on an album titled The College Dropout, whose overall theme was to "make your own decisions. Don't let society tell you, 'This is what you have to do.'" 2003–2006: The College Dropout and Late Registration West recorded the remainder of the album in Los Angeles while recovering from the car accident. It was leaked months before its release date, and West used the opportunity to remix, remaster, and revise the album before its release; West added new verses, string arrangements, gospel choirs, and improved drum programming. The album was postponed three times from its initial date in August 2003, and was eventually released in February 2004, reaching No. 2 on the Billboard 200 as his debut single, "Through the Wire" peaked at No. 15 while on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for five weeks. "Slow Jamz", his second single, featuring Twista and Jamie Foxx, became the three musicians' first No. 1 hit. The College Dropout received critical acclaim, was nominated for the top album of the year by American Music Awards and Billboard, and has consistently been ranked among the great hip-hop works and debut albums by artists. "Jesus Walks", the album's fourth single, reached the top 20 of the Billboard pop charts, despite industry executives' predictions that a song containing such blatant declarations of faith would never make it to the radio. The College Dropout was certified triple platinum in the U.S., and garnered West 10 Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year, and Best Rap Album . During this period, West founded GOOD Music, a record label and management company that housed affiliate artists and producers, such as No I.D. and John Legend, and produced singles for Brandy, Common, Legend, and Slum Village. West invested $2 million and took over a year to make his second album. West was inspired by Roseland NYC Live, a 1998 live album by English trip hop group Portishead, produced with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, incorporating string arrangements into his hip-hop production. Though West had not been able to afford many live instruments around the time of his debut album, the money from his commercial success enabled him to hire a string orchestra for his second album Late Registration. West collaborated with American film score composer Jon Brion, who served as the album's co-executive producer for several tracks. Late Registration sold over 2.3 million units in the United States alone by the end of 2005 and was considered by industry observers as the only successful major album release of the fall season, which had been plagued by steadily declining CD sales. When his song "Touch the Sky" failed to win Best Video at the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards, West went onto the stage as the award was being presented to Justice and Simian for "We Are Your Friends" and argued that he should have won the award instead. Hundreds of news outlets worldwide criticized the outburst. On November 7, 2006, West apologized for this outburst publicly during his performance as support act for U2 for their Vertigo concert in Brisbane. He later spoofed the incident on the 33rd-season premiere of Saturday Night Live in September 2007. 2007–2009: Graduation, 808s & Heartbreak, and VMAs incident West's third studio album, Graduation, was released in September 2007. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and selling 957,000 copies in its first week. Graduation continued the string of critical and commercial successes by West, and the album's lead single, "Stronger", garnered his third number-one hit. "Stronger", which samples French house duo Daft Punk, has been accredited to not only encouraging other hip-hop artists to incorporate house and electronica elements into their music, but also for playing a part in the revival of disco and electro-infused music in the late 2000s. His mother's death in November 2007 and the end of his engagement to Alexis Phifer profoundly affected West, who set off for his 2008 Glow in the Dark Tour shortly thereafter. Recorded mostly in Honolulu, Hawaii in three weeks, West announced his fourth album, 808s & Heartbreak, at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, where he performed its lead single, "Love Lockdown". Music audiences were taken aback by the uncharacteristic production style and the presence of Auto-Tune, which typified the pre-release response to the record. 808s & Heartbreak was released by Island Def Jam in November 2008. Upon its release, the lead single "Love Lockdown" debuted at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, while follow-up single "Heartless" debuted at number four. While it was criticized prior to release, 808s & Heartbreak is considered to have had a significant effect on hip-hop music, encouraging other rappers to take more creative risks with their productions. While Taylor Swift was accepting her award for Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, West went on stage and grabbed the microphone from her to proclaim that Beyoncé deserved the award instead. He was subsequently removed from the remainder of the show for his actions. West was criticized by various celebrities for the outburst, and by President Barack Obama, who called West a "jackass". The incident sparked a large influx of Internet photo memes. West subsequently apologized, including personally to Swift. However, in a November 2010 interview, he seemed to recant his past apologies, describing the act at the 2009 awards show as "selfless". 2010–2012: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Watch the Throne, and Cruel Summer Following the highly publicized incident, West took a brief break from music and threw himself into fashion, only to hole up in Hawaii for the next few months writing and recording his next album. Importing his favorite producers and artists to work on and inspire his recording, West kept engineers behind the boards 24 hours a day and slept only in increments. Noah Callahan-Bever, a writer for Complex, was present during the sessions and described the "communal" atmosphere as thus: "With the right songs and the right album, he can overcome any and all controversy, and we are here to contribute, challenge, and inspire." A variety of artists contributed to the project, including close friends Jay-Z, Kid Cudi and Pusha T, as well as collaborations with artists including Justin Vernon of Bon Iver and Gil Scott Heron. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, West's fifth studio album, was released in November 2010 to widespread acclaim from critics, many of whom considered it his best work and said it solidified his comeback. In stark contrast to his previous effort, which featured a minimalist sound, Dark Fantasy adopts a maximalist philosophy and deals with themes of celebrity and excess. The record included the international hit "All of the Lights", and Billboard hits "Power", "Monster", and "Runaway", the latter of which accompanied a 35-minute film of the same name directed by and starring West. During this time, West initiated the free music program GOOD Fridays through his website, offering a free download of previously unreleased songs each Friday, a portion of which were included on the album. This promotion ran from August to December 2010. Dark Fantasy went on to go platinum in the United States, but its omission as a contender for Album of the Year at the 54th Grammy Awards was viewed as a "snub" by several media outlets. 2011 saw West embark on a festival tour to commemorate the release of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy performing and headlining numerous festivals including; SWU Music & Arts, Austin City Limits Music Festival, Oya Festival, Flow Festival, Live Music Festival, The Big Chill, Essence Music Festival, Lollapalooza and Coachella which was described by The Hollywood Reporter as "one of greatest hip-hop sets of all time", West released the collaborative album Watch the Throne with Jay-Z in August 2011. By employing a sales strategy that released the album digitally weeks before its physical counterpart, Watch the Throne became one of the few major label albums in the Internet age to avoid a leak. "Niggas in Paris" became the record's highest-charting single, peaking at number five on the Billboard Hot 100. The co-headlining Watch the Throne Tour kicked off in October 2011 and concluded in June 2012. In 2012, West released the compilation album Cruel Summer, a collection of tracks by artists from West's record label GOOD Music. 2013–2015: Yeezus and the Yeezus Tour Sessions for West's sixth solo effort begin to take shape in early 2013 in his own personal loft's living room at a Paris hotel. Determined to "undermine the commercial", he once again brought together close collaborators and attempted to incorporate Chicago drill, dancehall, acid house, and industrial music. Primarily inspired by architecture, West's perfectionist tendencies led him to contact producer Rick Rubin fifteen days shy of its due date to strip down the record's sound in favor of a more minimalist approach. Initial promotion of his sixth album included worldwide video projections of the album's music and live television performances. Yeezus, West's sixth album, was released June 18, 2013, to rave reviews from critics. It became his sixth consecutive number one debut, but also marked his lowest solo opening week sales. In September 2013, West announced he would be headlining his first solo tour in five years, to support Yeezus, with fellow American rapper Kendrick Lamar accompanying him as a supporting act. The tour was met with rave reviews from critics. Rolling Stone described it as "crazily entertaining, hugely ambitious, emotionally affecting and, most importantly, totally bonkers". Writing for Forbes, Zack O'Malley Greenburg praised West for "taking risks that few pop stars, if any, are willing to take in today's hyper-exposed world of pop", describing the show as "overwrought and uncomfortable at times, but [it] excels at challenging norms and provoking thought in a way that just isn't common for mainstream musical acts of late". West subsequently released a number of singles featuring Paul McCartney, including "Only One" and "FourFiveSeconds", also featuring Rihanna. In November 2013, West stated that he was beginning work on his next studio album, hoping to release it by mid-2014, with production by Rick Rubin and Q-Tip. Having initially announced a new album entitled Yeezus II slated for a 2014 release, West announced in March 2015 that the album would instead be tentatively called So Help Me God. In May 2015, West was awarded an honorary doctorate by the School of the Art Institute of Chicago for his contributions to music, fashion, and popular culture. The next month, West headlined at the Glastonbury Festival in the UK, despite a petition signed by almost 135,000 people against his appearance. Another petition aimed to block West from headlining the 2015 Pan American Games, garnering 50,000 supporters. 2016–2017: The Life of Pablo and tour cancellation West announced in January 2016 that Swish would be released on February 11, and later that month, released new songs "Real Friends" and a snippet of "No More Parties in LA" with Kendrick Lamar. On January 26, 2016, West revealed he had renamed the album from Swish to Waves. In the weeks leading up to the album's release, West became embroiled in several Twitter controversies. Several days ahead of its release, West again changed the title, this time to The Life of Pablo. On February 11, West premiered the album at Madison Square Garden as part of the presentation of his Yeezy Season 3 clothing line. Following the preview, West announced that he would be modifying the tracklist once more before its release to the public. He released the album exclusively on Tidal on February 14, 2016, following a performance on SNL. Following its release, West continued to tinker with mixes of several tracks, describing the work as "a living breathing changing creative expression" and proclaiming the end of the album as a dominant release form. Despite West's earlier comments, in addition to Tidal, the album was released through several other competing services starting in April. In February 2016, West stated on Twitter that he was planning to release another album in the summer of 2016, tentatively called Turbo Grafx 16 in reference to the 1990s video game console of the same name. In June 2016, West released the collaborative lead single "Champions" off the GOOD Music album Cruel Winter, which has yet to be released. Later that month, West released a controversial video for "Famous", which depicted wax figures of several celebrities sleeping nude in a shared bed. In August 2016, West embarked on the Saint Pablo Tour in support of The Life of Pablo. The performances featured a mobile stage suspended from the ceiling. West postponed several dates in October following the Paris robbery of several of his wife's effects. On November 21, 2016, West cancelled the remaining 21 dates on the Saint Pablo Tour, following a week of no-shows, curtailed concerts and rants about politics. He was later admitted for psychiatric observation at UCLA Medical Center. He stayed hospitalized over the Thanksgiving weekend because of a temporary psychosis stemming from sleep deprivation and extreme dehydration. Following this episode West took an 11-month break from posting on Twitter and the public in general. 2017–2019: Ye and the Wyoming Sessions It was reported in May 2017 that West was recording new music in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, with a wide range of collaborators. In April 2018, West announced plans to write a philosophy book entitled Break the Simulation, later clarifying that he was sharing the book "in real time" on Twitter and began posting content that was likened to "life coaching". Later that month, he also announced two new albums, a solo album and self-titled collaboration with Kid Cudi under the name Kids See Ghosts, both of which would be released in June. Additionally, he revealed he would produce upcoming albums by GOOD Music label-mates Pusha T and Teyana Taylor, as well as Nas. Shortly thereafter, West released the non-album singles "Lift Yourself" and "Ye vs. the People", in which he and T.I. discussed West's support of Donald Trump. Pusha T's Daytona, "the first project out of Wyoming", was released in May to critical acclaim, although the album's artwork—a photograph of deceased singer Whitney Houston's bathroom that West paid $85,000 to license—attracted some controversy. The following week, West released his eighth studio album, Ye. West has suggested that he scrapped the original recordings of the album and re-recorded it within a month. The week after, West released a collaborative album with Kid Cudi, titled Kids See Ghosts, named after their group of the same name. West also completed production work on Nas' Nasir and Teyana Taylor's K.T.S.E., which were released in June 2018. In September, West announced his ninth studio album Yandhi to be released by the end of the month and a collaborative album with fellow Chicagoan rapper Chance the Rapper titled Good Ass Job. That same month, West announced that he would be changing his stage name to "Ye". Yandhi was originally set for release in September 2018 but was postponed multiple times. In January 2019, West pulled out of headlining that year's Coachella festival after negotiations broke down due to discord regarding stage design. In July, it was reported that songs from West's unreleased album Yandhi were leaked online. The following month, Kim Kardashian announced that West's next album would be titled Jesus Is King, effectively scrapping Yandhi. By October, the entire unfinished album was available for a short time on streaming services Spotify and Tidal. 2019–2022: Jesus Is King, Donda, and Donda 2 On January 6, 2019, West started his weekly "Sunday Service" events, which included soul variations of both West's and others' songs and were attended by multiple celebrities, including the Kardashians, Charlie Wilson, and Kid Cudi. West previewed a new song, "Water" at his "Sunday Service" orchestration performance at Coachella 2019, which was later revealed to feature on his upcoming album Jesus Is King; West released the album on October 25, 2019. It became the first to ever top the Billboard 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Top Rap Albums, Top Christian Albums and Top Gospel Albums at the same time. On December 25, 2019, West and Sunday Service released Jesus Is Born, containing 19 songs, including several re-workings of older West songs. West released a single titled "Wash Us in the Blood" on June 30, 2020, featuring fellow American rapper and singer Travis Scott, along with the music video, which was set to serve as the lead single from his tenth studio album Donda. However, in September 2020, West stated that he would not be releasing any further music until he is "done with [his] contract with Sony and Universal". On October 16, he released the single "Nah Nah Nah". West held several listening parties at Mercedes-Benz Stadium for his upcoming album Donda in the summer of 2021, where he had taken up temporary residence in one of the stadium's locker rooms, converting it into a recording studio to finish the recording. After multiple delays, Donda was released on August 29, 2021. West claimed the album was released early without his approval and alleged that Universal had altered the tracklist. He released a deluxe edition of Donda, including five new songs, to streaming services on November 14, 2021. On November 20, days after ending their long-running feud, West and rapper Drake confirmed that they would stage the "Free Larry Hoover" benefit concert on December 9 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. On January 5, 2022, West was announced as one of the 2022 headliners of Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. Later that month on January 15, West released the first single for his upcoming album Donda 2, "Eazy" featuring The Game, to be executive produced by American rapper Future. West hosted a listening event for the album at LoanDepot Park in Miami, Florida, on February 22. In April, shortly before Coachella, West pulled out as headlining act, then proceeded to pull out of headlining Rolling Loud. West and The Game performed the single on July 22, marking West's first performance in five months following the low profile he had been keeping since Donda 2 remained unfinished. A day later, despite cancelling as headliner, he appeared at Rolling Loud during Lil Durk's set. In December 2022, after weeks of controversial antisemitic statements, West released a new song, "Someday We'll All Be Free", on his Instagram. 2023–present: Vultures trilogy and Bully On August 25, 2023, West was reported to be in the process of recording his eleventh studio album, with two sources close to him stating that the release of new music was "imminent". On October 13, Billboard reported that West had finished recording a collaborative studio album with Ty Dolla Sign and was in the process of shopping the album to distributors, adding that the album was originally intended for an official release that day but was ultimately pushed back for unknown reasons and expected to drop within the coming weeks. The eponymous lead single for the album, "Vultures" featuring Bump J, was released on November 22, 2023. Throughout late 2023 and early 2024, West and Ty Dolla $ign held several concerts previewing songs from the album. In a trailer for the album, West announced that Vultures would be released as a trilogy of albums, with each of the album's three volumes set to be released on February 9, March 6, and April 5, 2024. In January 2024, West co-signed 4Batz and called him his favorite new artist. On February 8, 2024, West released the first volume's second single, "Talking / Once Again" featuring his eldest daughter North. A day later, producer Erick Sermon revealed in an interview that West's upcoming eleventh studio album was titled Y3, while also stating that he had contributed to the album in 2023. West has since denied working on an album titled Y3. On February 10, 2024, hours after West held a listening party at UBS Arena, the first volume of the Vultures trilogy, entitled Vultures 1, was officially released. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, becoming West's eleventh consecutive and Ty Dolla Sign's first number one album, respectively. Vultures 2 released later that year on August 3. On September 28, during a concert in Haikou, China at the Wuyuan River Stadium, West announced his eleventh solo album Bully, debuting the track "Beauty and the Beast". On March 15, 2025, he shared a song on his X account titled "Lonely Roads Still Go to Sunshine" featuring his daughter North and vocals credited to Sean Combs, resulting in legal action from Kim Kardashian. On March 19, he shared links on X to three versions of Bully, all of which were accompanied by a short film starring his son Saint. He stated that the album was "not finished and half of the vocals [are] AI", and added that he did not intend to release it on streaming services because of "French and Jewish record labels". Musical style West's musical career is defined by frequent stylistic shifts and different musical approaches. In the subsequent years since his debut, West has both musically and lyrically taken an increasingly experimental approach to crafting progressive hip-hop music while maintaining accessible pop sensibilities. Ed Ledsham of PopMatters said that "West's melding of multiple genres into the hip-hop fold is a complex act that challenges the dominant white notions of what constitutes true 'art' music." West's rhymes have been described as funny, provocative and articulate, capable of seamlessly segueing from shrewd commentary to comical braggadocio to introspective sensitivity. West imparts that he strives to speak in an inclusive manner so groups from different racial and gender backgrounds can comprehend his lyrics, saying he desired to sound "just as ill as Jadakiss and just as understandable as Will Smith". Early in his career, West pioneered a style of hip-hop production dubbed "chipmunk-soul", a sampling technique involving the manipulation of tempo in order to chop and stretch pitched-up samples from vintage soul songs. On his debut studio album, The College Dropout , West formed the constitutive elements of his style, described as intricate hip-hop beats, topical subject matter, and clumsy rapping laced with inventive wordplay. The record saw West diverge from the then-dominant gangster persona in hip-hop in favor of more diverse, topical lyrical subjects, including higher education, materialism, self-consciousness, minimum-wage labor, institutional prejudice, class struggle, family, sexuality, his struggles in the music industry, and middle-class upbringing. Over time, West has explored a variety of music genres, encompassing and taking inspiration from chamber pop on his second studio album, Late Registration , arena rock and europop on his third album, Graduation , synth-driven electropop on his fourth album, 808s & Heartbreak , acid-house, drill, industrial rap and trap on Yeezus , gospel and Christian rap on The Life of Pablo , Jesus is King and Donda , and psychedelic music on Kids See Ghosts . Other ventures Fashion Early in his career, West made clear his interest in fashion and desire to work in the clothing design industry. He launched his own clothing line in spring 2006, and developed it over the following four years before the line was ultimately cancelled in 2009. In January 2007, West's first sneaker collaboration was released, a special-edition Bapesta from A Bathing Ape. In 2009, West collaborated with Nike to release his own shoe, the Air Yeezys, becoming the first non-athlete to be given a shoe deal with the company. In January 2009, he introduced his first shoe line designed for Louis Vuitton during Paris Fashion Week. The line was released in summer 2009. West has additionally designed shoewear for Italian shoemaker Giuseppe Zanotti. In fall 2009, West moved to Rome, where he interned at Italian fashion brand Fendi, giving ideas for the men's collection. In March 2011, West collaborated with M/M Paris for a series of silk scarves featuring artwork from My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. In October 2011, West premiered his women's fashion label at Paris Fashion Week. His debut fashion show received mixed-to-negative reviews. In March 2012, West premiered a second fashion line at Paris Fashion Week. Critics deemed the sophomore effort "much improved" compared to his first show. On December 3, 2013, Adidas officially confirmed a new shoe collaboration deal with West. After months of anticipation and rumors, West confirmed the release of the Adidas Yeezy Boosts. In 2015, West unveiled a Yeezy clothing line, premiering in collaboration with Adidas early that year. In June 2016, Adidas announced a new long-term contract with Kanye West that extended the Yeezy line to a number of stores, planning to sell sports performance products like basketball, football, and soccer, although Adidas terminated the partnership with West in October 2022 due to his antisemitic remarks. In May 2021, West signed a 10-year deal linking Yeezy with GAP to create Yeezy Gap, however, in September 2022, West announced that he was ending the deal. Business ventures West founded the record label and production company GOOD Music in 2004, in conjunction with Sony BMG, shortly after releasing his debut album, The College Dropout. West, alongside then-unknown Ohio singer John Legend and fellow Chicago rapper Common were the label's inaugural artists. The label houses artists including West, Big Sean, Pusha T, Teyana Taylor, Yasiin Bey / Mos Def, D'banj and John Legend, and producers including Hudson Mohawke, Q-Tip, Travis Scott, No I.D., Jeff Bhasker, and S1. GOOD Music has released ten albums certified gold or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America . In November 2015, West appointed Pusha T the new president of GOOD Music. In August 2008, West revealed plans to open 10 Fatburger restaurants in the Chicago area after his company, KW Foods LLC, bought the rights to the chain in Chicago. The first location opened in September 2008 in Orland Park and a second followed in January 2009. The Orland Park location closed in early 2011 due to poor sales performance. In January 2012, West announced his establishment of the creative content company Donda, named after his late mother. In his announcement, West proclaimed that the company would "pick up where Steve Jobs left off"; Donda would operate as a "design company" with a goal to "make products and experiences that people want and can afford". In stating Donda's creative philosophy, West articulated the need to "put creatives in a room together with like minds" in order to "simplify and aesthetically improve everything we see, taste, touch, and feel". West is notoriously secretive about the company's operations, maintaining neither an official website nor a social media presence. Contemporary critics have noted the consistent minimalistic aesthetic exhibited throughout Donda creative projects. West expressed interest in starting an architecture firm in May 2013, saying "I want to do product, I am a product person, not just clothing but water bottle design, architecture ... I make music but I shouldn't be limited to one place of creativity" and then later in November 2013, delivering a manifesto on his architectural goals during a visit to Harvard Graduate School of Design. In May 2018, West announced he was starting an architecture firm called Yeezy Home, which will act as an arm of his already successful Yeezy fashion label. In June 2018, the first Yeezy Home collaboration was announced by designer Jalil Peraza, teasing an affordable concrete prefabricated home as part of a social housing project. In March 2015, it was announced that West is a co-owner, with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Jay-Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Sixteen artist stakeholders including Jay-Z, Rihanna, Beyoncé, Madonna, Chris Martin, Nicki Minaj co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. In October 2022, in direct response to bans he received on Twitter and Instagram stemming from his antisemitic comments, West reached an agreement in principle to acquire the alt-tech social network Parler for an undisclosed amount. Parler and West mutually agreed to terminate the proposed deal in mid-November. Philanthropy West, alongside his mother, founded the Kanye West Foundation in Chicago in 2003, tasked with a mission to battle dropout and illiteracy rates, while partnering with community organizations to provide underprivileged youth access to music education. In 2007, West and the Foundation partnered with Strong American Schools as part of their "Ed in '08" campaign. As spokesman for the campaign, West appeared in a series of PSAs for the organization, and hosted an inaugural benefit concert in August of that year. In 2008, following the death of West's mother, the foundation was rechristened The Dr. Donda West Foundation. The foundation ceased operations in 2011. In 2013, Kanye West and friend Rhymefest founded Donda's House, Inc., a program aimed at helping at-risk Chicago youth. West has contributed to hurricane relief in 2005 by participating in a Hurricane Katrina benefit concert after the storm had ravaged black communities in New Orleans and in 2012 when he performed at a Hurricane Sandy benefit concert. In January 2019, West donated $10 million towards the completion of the Roden Crater by American artist James Turrell. In June 2020, in the wake of the murder of George Floyd and the following protests, he donated $2 million between the family of Floyd and other victims of police brutality, Ahmaud Arbery and Breonna Taylor. The donation funded legal fees for Arbery and Taylor's families, as well as establishing a 529 plan to fully cover college tuition for Floyd's daughter. Acting and filmmaking West made cameo appearances as himself in the films State Property 2 and The Love Guru , and in an episode of the television show Entourage in 2007. West provided the voice for "Kenny West", a rapper, in the animated sitcom The Cleveland Show . In 2009, he starred in the Spike Jonze-directed short film We Were Once a Fairytale , playing himself acting belligerently while drunk in a nightclub. West wrote, directed, and starred in the musical short film Runaway , which heavily features music from My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. The film depicts a relationship between a man, played by West, and a half-woman, half-phoenix creature. In 2012, West co-directed another short film, along with Alexandre Moors, titled Cruel Summer, which premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival in a custom pyramid-shaped screening pavilion featuring seven screens constructed for the film. The film was meant to tie in with the compilation album of the same name to be released later that year. West made a cameo appearance in the comedy Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues as a MTV News representative in the film's fight scene. In September 2018, West announced the starting of a film production company named Half Beast, LLC. A documentary shot over 21 years featuring footage of West's early days in Chicago through the death of his mother to his presidential run was announced to debut in 2021. Titled Jeen-Yuhs, it was acquired by Netflix for $30 million and released in 2022. A documentary shot over six years with a billion-dollar budget was announced to debut in 2024. Titled In Whose Name?, it was directed by Nico Ballesteros and will be released in 2025. Presidential campaigns 2020 On July 4, 2020, West announced on Twitter that he would be running in the 2020 presidential election. On July 7, West was interviewed by Forbes about his presidential run, where he announced that his running mate would be Wyoming preacher Michelle Tidball, and that he would run as an independent under the "Birthday Party", explaining his decision of why he chose the name, saying, "Because when we win, it's everybody's 'birthday'." West also said he no longer supported Trump because he "hid in [a] bunker" during the COVID-19 pandemic. Continuing, he said, "You know? Obama's special. Trump's special. We say Kanye West is special. America needs special people that lead. Bill Clinton? Special. Joe Biden's not special." Various political pundits speculated that West's presidential run was a publicity stunt to promote his latest music releases. On July 15, 2020, official paperwork was filed with the Federal Election Commission for West, under the "BDY" Party affiliation amid claims that he was preparing to drop out. West held his first rally that weekend, on July 19. West aligned himself with the philosophy of a consistent life ethic, a tenet of Christian democracy. His platform advocated for the creation of a culture of life, endorsing environmental stewardship, supporting the arts, buttressing faith-based organizations, restoring school prayer, providing for a strong national defense, and "America First" diplomacy. In July 2020, West told Forbes that he is ignorant on issues such as taxes and foreign policy. West conceded on Twitter on November 4, 2020. He received 66,365 votes in the 12 states he had ballot access in, receiving an average of 0.32%. Reported write-in votes gave West an additional 3,931 votes across 5 states. In addition, the Roque De La Fuente / Kanye West ticket won 60,160 votes in California . According to Reuters, on January 4, 2021, a Kanye West-linked publicist pressured a Georgia election worker to confess to bogus charges of election tampering to assist Trump's claims of election interference. In December 2021, The Daily Beast reported that West's presidential campaign received millions of dollars in services from a secret network of Republican operatives, payments to which the committee did not report. According to campaign finance experts, this was done to conceal a connection. 2024 West stated his intention to run for president again in the 2024 presidential election, saying at a November 2019 event, "When I run for president in 2024, we would've created so many jobs that I'm not going to run, I'm going to walk." He was met with laughter from the audience. In response to a request for additional information from the Federal Election Commission regarding the creation of a presidential exploratory committee, West's representatives emphasized that he "has not decided whether to become a candidate for president in the 2024 election" and refused to file additional paperwork with the commission. West officially launched his presidential campaign in November 2022. West claimed to have asked former president Donald Trump to be his running mate; according to West, Trump was "caught [...] off-guard" by the request and warned him of losing if he decided to run. In October 2023, an attorney for West said that he "is not a candidate for office in 2024". Views West has been an outspoken and controversial celebrity throughout his career, receiving criticism from the mainstream media, industry colleagues and entertainers, and three U.S. presidents. In a 2005 speech, West criticized both the media and the government's racial disparities in their response to Hurricane Katrina, stating on live television "George Bush doesn't care about black people". He apologized for the comment in 2010, saying he "didn't have the grounds to call [Bush] a racist" and later stated in regard to the remark that he "was programmed to think from a victimized mentality". West voiced his opposition to abortion in 2013, citing his belief in the Sixth Commandment, and in 2022 deemed abortion "genocide and population control" of black people. In 2018, West stated that the 400-year enslavement of Africans "sounds like a choice", before elaborating that his comment was in reference to mental enslavement and argued for free thought. He later apologized for the comment. In late 2022, West made a series of antisemitic statements, resulting in the termination of his collaborations, sponsorships, and partnerships with Vogue, Universal Music Group, CAA, Balenciaga, Gap, and Adidas. West was widely condemned after appearing at a dinner hosted by Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago beside Nick Fuentes, a white nationalist. In a subsequent December appearance on Alex Jones's InfoWars, West praised Adolf Hitler, denied the Holocaust, and identified himself as a Nazi. After the interview, West used his Twitter account to post a picture of a swastika entangled in a Star of David, and his account was terminated. In July 2023, Twitter reversed the ban, citing assurances from West that he would not post harmful content. According to a 2023 report published by the Anti-Defamation League, West's antisemitic rhetoric has caused several instances of hate-speech vandalism, harassment, and violence across the United States. In December 2023, weeks before the release of his upcoming album, West apologized for his antisemitic remarks in a written statement on Instagram. In a subsequent interview, he said "[s]ome of the stuff I was saying was true" and that Black people cannot be antisemitic because they "are Jew". In February 2025, he went on an antisemitic rant on X, professing his love for Hitler, and purchased local advertising during Super Bowl LIX which directed viewers to his website, where he was selling a swastika t-shirt. He also defended Sean Combs from sexual abuse allegations. Personal life West has been one of the wealthiest musical artists; his net worth was as high as $1.8 billion in 2021. In October 2022, Forbes estimated his net worth to have dropped to $400 million in large part due to Adidas's termination of their partnership following a series of public antisemitic statements. Name change In August 2021, West applied to court to have his legal name changed from "Kanye Omari West" to "Ye", with no middle or last name; he cited "personal reasons" for the change. The request was granted by Michelle Williams Court, a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge, in October 2021. West had alluded to wishing to change his name since 2018 and had used Ye as a nickname for several years prior, stating in a 2018 interview that he believed "ye" was the most commonly used word in the Bible: "In the Bible it means 'you'. So, I'm you. I'm us. It's us. It went from being Kanye, which means the only one, to just Ye." Relationships and family Kim Kardashian In April 2012, West began dating reality television star Kim Kardashian, with whom he had already been long-time friends. West and Kardashian became engaged in October 2013, and married at Fort di Belvedere in Florence in May 2014. Their private ceremony was subject to widespread mainstream coverage, with which West took issue. The couple's high-profile status and respective careers have resulted in their relationship becoming subject to heavy media coverage; The New York Times referred to their marriage as "a historic blizzard of celebrity". West and Kardashian have four children: North West , Saint West , Chicago West , and Psalm West . In July 2020, during a presidential campaign rally of his, West revealed that he had previously considered abortion during Kardashian's first pregnancy but has since taken anti-abortion views. In April 2015, West and Kardashian traveled to Jerusalem to have North baptized in the Armenian Apostolic Church at the Cathedral of St. James. In September 2018, West announced that he would be permanently moving back to Chicago to establish his Yeezy company headquarters there. This did not actually occur, and West instead went on to purchase two ranches near Cody, Wyoming, where he recorded his eighth solo studio album, Ye. Kardashian resides with their children in a home that the now-divorced couple owns in California, whereas West moved into a home across the street to continue to be near their children. In October 2021, West began the process of selling his Wyoming ranch. In July 2020, West acknowledged the possibility of Kardashian ending their marriage due to his adoption of anti-abortion views. Later that month, West wrote on Twitter that he had been attempting to divorce Kardashian. He also wrote that the Kardashian family was attempting "to lock [him] up". In January 2021, CNN reported that the couple were discussing divorce. A month later, Kardashian filed for divorce, with the couple citing "irreconcilable differences", agreeing to joint custody of their children, and declining spousal support from each other. The divorce settlement was finalized in November 2022, and West was ordered to pay $200,000 in monthly child support and be responsible for half of the children's medical, educational, and security expenses. Other relationships West began an on-and-off relationship with the designer Alexis Phifer in 2002, and they became engaged in August 2006. They ended their 18-month engagement in 2008. Phifer stated that the pair had split amicably and remained friends. West dated model Amber Rose from 2008 until mid-2010. In an interview following their split, West stated that he had to take "30 showers" before committing to his next relationship with Kim Kardashian. In response, Rose stated that she had been "bullied" and "slut-shamed" by West throughout their relationship. In January 2022, actress Julia Fox confirmed in an Interview essay that she was dating West. West continued to say that he wanted his "family back" and publicly lashed out at Kardashian's new boyfriend, comedian Pete Davidson. His treatment of Davidson and Kardashian has been described by commentators as harassment and abusive; the 64th Annual Grammy Awards dropped him as a performer in response to his "concerning online behavior". Less than two months after confirming their relationship, Fox said that she and West had split up but remained on good terms. She later said that she dated West purely to "give people something to talk about" during the COVID-19 pandemic and to "get him off Kim's case". In January 2023, it was reported that West had informally married Australian architect Bianca Censori, who works for West's Yeezy brand, in a private ceremony in Beverly Hills. The ceremony had no legal standing; the couple did not file for a marriage license. In response to West's subsequent trips to Australia to visit Censori's family, Australian Minister for Education Jason Clare commented that West may be denied a visa due to his recent antisemitic remarks. The Executive Council of Australian Jewry and the Anti-Defamation Commission further argued against granting West entry. Legal issues He has been accused of the extensive use of uncleared samples in his music, leading to numerous lawsuits. In December 2006, Robert "Evel" Knievel sued the rapper for trademark infringement of his name and likeness in West's video for "Touch the Sky". Knievel took issue with the "vulgar and offensive" and "sexually charged video" in which West takes on the persona of "Evel Kanyevel" that Knievel claimed damaged his reputation. The suit sought monetary damages and an injunction to stop distribution of the video. West's attorneys argued that the music video amounted to satire and therefore was covered under the First Amendment. Days before his death in November 2007, Knievel amicably settled the suit after being paid a visit by West, saying, "I thought he was a wonderful guy and quite a gentleman." In 2014, after an altercation with a paparazzo at the Los Angeles Airport, West was sentenced to serve two years' probation for a misdemeanor battery conviction, and was required to attend 24 anger management sessions, perform 250 hours of community service, and pay restitution to the photographer. A separate civil lawsuit brought by the paparazzo was settled in 2015, a week before it was due for trial. According to TMZ, an appeal to have West's conviction expunged from his criminal record was granted by a judge in 2016. On June 29, 2022, a complaint was filed in U.S. District Court in New York claiming copyright infringement due to unauthorized use of a sample on the song "Flowers". The complaint claims that West sampled Marshall Jefferson's 1986 house track "Move Your Body" without gaining permission or providing compensation. In July 2022, West was sued for $416,000 by the fashion rental company the David Casavant Archive. The lawsuit claimed that West had failed to make payments on and return 13 rented pieces. West was sued for wrongful termination, sexual harassment, and breach of contract by a former assistant in 2024. West denied the allegation. That same year, he was sued by a former model for sexual assault and strangulation. In the lawsuit, she claims that during a music video set, West choked and gagged her in the mouth. Religious beliefs After the success of his song "Jesus Walks" from the album The College Dropout, West was asked about his beliefs and said, "I will say that I'm spiritual. I have accepted Jesus as my Savior. And I will say that I fall short every day." In a 2008 interview with The Fader, West stated that "I'm like a vessel, and God has chosen me to be the voice and the connector". In a 2009 interview with online magazine Bossip, West stated that he believed in God, but at the time felt that he "would never go into a religion". In 2014, West referred to himself as a Christian during one of his concerts. Kim Kardashian stated in September 2019: "He has had an amazing evolution of being born again and being saved by Christ." In October 2019, West said with respect to his past, "When I was trying to serve multiple gods it drove me crazy" in reference to the "god of ego, god of money, god of pride, the god of fame", and that "I didn't even know what it meant to be saved" and that now "I love Jesus Christ. I love Christianity." Politics In September 2012, West donated $1,000 to Barack Obama's re-election campaign; further, in August 2015, West donated $2,700 to Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign. He also donated $15,000 to the Democratic National Committee in October 2014. In December 2016, West met with President-elect Donald Trump to discuss bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago. West subsequently stated he would have voted for Trump had he voted. In February 2017, however, West deleted all his tweets about Trump in purported dislike of the new president's policies, particularly the travel ban. West reiterated his support for Donald Trump in April 2018. In October 2018, West donated to progressive Chicago mayoral candidate Amara Enyia. On June 29, 2024, he arrived in Moscow, Russia, to celebrate the 40th birthday of Russian fashion designer Gosha Rubchinskiy. West was labeled an "enemy of Ukraine" after his trip to Moscow. Mental health On November 19, 2016, West abruptly ended a concert before being committed at the recommendation of authorities to the UCLA Medical Center with hallucinations and paranoia. While the episode was first described as one of "temporary psychosis" caused by dehydration and sleep deprivation, West's mental state was abnormal enough for his 21 cancelled concerts to be covered by his insurance policy. He was reportedly paranoid and depressed throughout the hospitalization, but remained formally undiagnosed. Some have speculated that the Paris robbery of his wife may have triggered the paranoia. On November 30, West was released from the hospital. In his song "FML" and his featured verse on Vic Mensa's song "U Mad", he refers to using the antidepressant medication Lexapro, and in his unreleased song "I Feel Like That", he mentions feeling many common symptoms of depression and anxiety. In a 2018 interview, West said that he had become addicted to opioids when they were prescribed to him after liposuction. The addiction may have contributed to his nervous breakdown in 2016. In addition to his opioid addiction, West has stated that he has had addictions to alcohol, sex, and pornography. West said that he often has suicidal ideation. West was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2016, though his diagnosis was not made public until his 2018 album Ye. He told President Donald Trump that it was a misdiagnosis. He had reportedly accepted the diagnosis again by 2019, but again suggested that it had been a misdiagnosis in 2022. In December 2022, he suggested that he may be autistic, and later said in February 2025 that he had received a professional diagnosis. In August 2024, West's former Chief of Staff Milo Yiannopoulos stated in an affidavit filed to the California Dental Board that West was addicted to nitrous oxide. He alleged that dentist Thomas Connelly, who installed permanent titanium prosthodontics for West in January 2024, had moved into West's apartment building and was charging him $50,000 a month to supply the drugs. Musical influence West is among the most critically acclaimed popular music artists of the 21st century, earning praise from music critics, industry peers, and cultural figures. In 2014, NME named him the third most influential artist in music. Billboard senior editor Alex Gale declared West "absolutely one of the best, and you could make the argument for the best artist of the 21st century." Sharing similar sentiments, Dave Bry of Complex Magazine called West the twenty-first century's "most important artist of any art form, of any genre." The Atlantic writer David Samuels commented, "Kanye's power resides in his wild creativity and expressiveness, his mastery of form, and his deep and uncompromising attachment to a self-made aesthetic that he expresses through means that are entirely of the moment: rap music, digital downloads, fashion, Twitter, blogs, live streaming video." Joe Muggs of The Guardian argued that "there is nobody else who can sell as many records as West does [...] while remaining so resolutely experimental and capable of stirring things up culturally and politically." Rolling Stone credited West with transforming hip-hop's mainstream, "establishing a style of introspective yet glossy rap" while deeming him "a producer who created a signature sound and then abandoned it to his imitators, a flashy, free-spending sybarite with insightful things to say about college, culture, and economics, an egomaniac with more than enough artistic firepower to back it up." Writing for Highsnobiety, Shahzaib Hussain stated that West's first three albums "cemented his role as a progressive rap progenitor". AllMusic editor Jason Birchmeier described West as "[shattering] certain stereotypes about rappers, becoming a superstar on his own terms without adapting his appearance, his rhetoric, or his music to fit any one musical mold". Lawrence Burney of Noisey has credited West with the commercial decline of the gangsta rap genre that once dominated mainstream hip-hop. The release of his third studio album has been described as a turning point in the music industry, and is considered to have helped pave the way for new rappers who did not follow the hardcore-gangster mold to find wider mainstream acceptance. Hip-hop artists like Drake, Nicki Minaj, Travis Scott, Playboi Carti, Lil Uzi Vert, and Chance the Rapper have acknowledged being influenced by West. Several other artists and music groups of various genres have named West as an influence on their work. Awards and achievements West is the fourth-highest certified artist in the U.S. by digital singles . He had the most RIAA digital song certifications by a male artist in the 2000s , and was the fourth best-selling digital songs artist of the 2000s in the U.S. In Spotify's first ten years from 2008 to 2018, West was the sixth most streamed artist, and the fourth fastest artist to reach one billion streams. West has the joint-most consecutive studio album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 and was the first rapper to top the Billboard Hot 100 in three distinct decades . He ranked third on Billboard's 2000s decade-end list of top producers and has topped the annual Pazz & Jop critics' poll the joint-most times with Bob Dylan. West has been nominated for 75 Grammys, out of which he has won 24. He has been the most nominated act at five ceremonies, and has received the fourth-most wins overall in the 2000s. In 2008, West became the first solo artist to have his first three albums receive nominations for Album of the Year. West has won a Webby Award for Artist of the Year, an Accessories Council Excellence Award for being a stylemaker, International Man of the Year at the GQ Awards, a Clio Award for The Life of Pablo Album Experience, and an honour by The Recording Academy. West is one of eight acts to have won the Billboard Artist Achievement Award. In 2015, he became the third rap act to win the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. West's first six solo studio albums were included on Rolling Stone's 2020 list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. Entertainment Weekly named The College Dropout the best album of the 2000s, Complex named Graduation the best album released between 2002 and 2012, 808s & Heartbreak was named by Rolling Stone as one of the 40 most groundbreaking albums of all time, The A.V. Club named My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy the best album of the 2010s, Yeezus was the most critically acclaimed album of 2013 according to Metacritic, and The Life of Pablo was the first album to top the Billboard 200, go platinum in the U.S., and go gold in the UK, via streaming alone. Discography Videography The College Dropout Video Anthology Late Orchestration VH1 Storytellers Runaway Jesus Is King Jeen-Yuhs Tours Books Raising Kanye: Life Lessons from the Mother of a Hip-Hop Superstar Thank You and You're Welcome Through the Wire: Lyrics & Illuminations Glow in the Dark

=== Kelly Clarkson ===
Kelly Brianne , known professionally as Kelly Clarkson, is an American singer, songwriter, and television personality. Rising to fame as the inaugural winner of American Idol, she has established a multi-decade career in music and television and is credited with having a lasting impact on televised talent shows. Known as a vocal powerhouse and versatile performer, she was named one of the greatest singers in history by publications such as Rolling Stone and Billboard. Signed to RCA Records in 2002, Clarkson released her chart-topping debut single, "A Moment Like This", which became the best-selling single of the year in the US. Her R&B and gospel-influenced debut album, Thankful , entered the US Billboard 200 at number one. Clarkson shifted genres to pop rock for Breakaway , one of the 21st century's best-selling albums. Its singles, "Since U Been Gone" and "Behind These Hazel Eyes", were among the top-ten biggest songs of 2005 in the US, while "Because of You" topped the charts in Europe. After the lukewarm reception to My December , with its darker rock music, Clarkson returned to radio-friendly pop rock sounds with All I Ever Wanted and Stronger , which each produced number-one singles "My Life Would Suck Without You" and "Stronger ", respectively. Clarkson ventured into Christmas music with Wrapped in Red , which became the best-selling holiday album of the year and featured "Underneath the Tree", ASCAP's most popular Christmas song released in the 21st century. Following the release of the number-one album Piece by Piece , she signed with Atlantic Records and recorded three further albums titled Meaning of Life , When Christmas Comes Around... , and Chemistry . Clarkson returned to television as a coach on The Voice for nine seasons between 2018 and 2023. She remains the female coach with the most winning contestants in the show's history. Since 2019, she has hosted her own talk show, The Kelly Clarkson Show. With over 82 million records worldwide, Clarkson has received various accolades, including three Grammy Awards, three MTV Video Music Awards, four American Music Awards, eight Daytime Emmy Awards, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Billboard ranked her as the Top Female Artist of 2005 and the 11th most successful female artist of the 21st century. Clarkson's first seven studio albums generated a total of 12 top-ten hits on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart between 2002 and 2024, as well as 10 top-ten singles in the UK, Canada, and Australia. Having a crossover appeal on various radio formats, she became the first act in history to top each of Billboard's pop, adult contemporary, country, and dance airplay charts. VH1 ranked her nineteenth on their list of the 100 Greatest Women in Music. Early life and career Kelly Brianne Clarkson was born in Fort Worth, Texas, to Jeanne Ann , a first-grade English teacher, and Stephen Michael Clarkson, a former engineer. She has an older brother, Jason, and an older sister, Alyssa. Clarkson also has two younger half-brothers from her father's second marriage. Her parents divorced when she was six years old, whereupon her brother went to live with their father, her sister went to live with an aunt, and she stayed with her mother. Clarkson's mother later married Jimmy Taylor. Clarkson is of English, Welsh, Irish, and Greek descent. Her mother is a descendant of Republican state senator Isaiah Rose . Clarkson was raised Southern Baptist. She has said, "I always grew up in church. I was the leader of our youth group. I've always grown up pretty close to church and with God. But I think I've just gotten a lot closer just because He's the only one I can lean on." She later said of her upbringing, "My family was highly conservative; I had to go to church on Sunday and Wednesday." Clarkson grew up in Burleson, Texas and was educated at Pauline Hughes Middle School. In the seventh grade, the school's choir teacher, Cynthia Glenn, overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir. Clarkson told her she had never received any professional vocal training. Clarkson graduated from Burleson High School in 2000, where she performed in several musicals, such as Annie Get Your Gun, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, and Brigadoon. Clarkson started voice training, hoping to secure a college scholarship in music. After graduating from high school, Clarkson declined full scholarships to the University of Texas at Austin, University of North Texas, and Berklee College of Music. She declined them saying, "I'd already written so much music and wanted to try on my own... I figured you're never too old to go to college." She worked several jobs to finance a demo, recording material and trying to market it to record labels, but she received little response. Clarkson turned down two recording contracts from Jive Records and Interscope Records, saying, "They would have completely pigeonholed me as a bubblegum act. I was confident enough that something better would come along." In 2001, she traveled to Los Angeles, pursuing a career in music. She appeared as an extra in a few television series such as Sabrina, the Teenage Witch and Dharma & Greg, and briefly worked with musician Gerry Goffin to record five demo tracks in an effort to secure a record deal. According to Clarkson, her early attempts to launch her music career floundered when she was turned down by almost every U.S. record label for sounding "too black". Lack of other career opportunities and a fire incident in her apartment forced Clarkson to return to Burleson, where she promoted Red Bull energy drinks, worked as a telemarketer and as a cocktail waitress in a comedy club. Career 2002–2003: American Idol, World Idol, and Thankful Upon returning to Burleson, Clarkson was encouraged by her friends to audition for the inaugural season of the reality television series American Idol: The Search for a Superstar in May 2002. Despite receiving a "golden ticket", a pass to the Hollywood rounds, in the series premiere, Clarkson made her first appearance during the second episode. In an interview in 2012, Clarkson referred to the inaugural season as "ghetto", explaining: "On our season we were like kids in camp. Nobody knew what to do. The show was ever changing every day. They did one season of Pop Idol in the UK, but America is a very different market. They dropped us off in a mall and said 'find some clothes to wear on national television'. I am maybe the closest to white trash you can get. What do I buy? White pants I guess? I definitely looked like a cocktail waitress." Clarkson went on to win the competition on September 4, 2002, at the Kodak Theatre , earning 58% of the votes against runner-up Justin Guarini. Immediately after winning American Idol, Clarkson was signed to a record deal with RCA Records, 19 Recordings, and S Records by talent manager Simon Fuller, who created American Idol, and music mogul Clive Davis, who was slated to executive-produce her debut album. On September 17, 2002, her debut double-A-side single, "Before Your Love"/"A Moment Like This", was released. Both songs were performed by Clarkson during the season finale of American Idol. After debuting at number 60 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, the single climbed to number 52 the following week, and subsequently ascended to number one. It broke a 38-year-old record set by the British band The Beatles for the biggest leap to number one. It eventually went on to become the best-selling single of 2002 in the United States. Clarkson's debut album, Thankful, was released on April 15, 2003. The album contained aspects of pop, contemporary R&B, and gospel music, with several established musicians such as Rhett Lawrence, Diane Warren, The Underdogs, and Babyface contributing on to the tracks. Released during a time of urban-R&B dominance, the album was well received by several critics. AllMusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine praised the album for its vocal ability: "throughout this record, makes it seem effortless and charming. She can croon, she can belt out a song, she can be sexy and sassy while still being graceful and as wholesome as the girl next door." Henry Goldblatt of Entertainment Weekly remarked: "Clarkson glides through octaves with the masterful control of someone who's been doing this for decades." Thankful was a commercial success, debuting at number one on the Billboard 200 chart and went on to sell over 4.5 million copies worldwide. It was later certified double platinum by the RIAA, platinum in Canada, and gold in Japan and Australia. Billboard ranked Clarkson the 10th biggest female artist of 2003. Its lead single, "Miss Independent", became her first international hit, reaching the top ten in five national charts, including the US. It was later certified gold by the RIAA. It earned Clarkson her first Grammy Award nomination for "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance" at the 46th Grammy Awards. It was followed with two moderately successful singles, "Low" and "The Trouble with Love Is"; the latter was used on the soundtrack of British romantic film Love Actually. Her first video album, Miss Independent, was released on November 18, 2003, and was certified gold by the RIAA. To support Thankful, Clarkson and Idol second season runner-up Clay Aiken co-headlined the 2004 Independent Tour throughout the US. Clarkson made her film debut with Guarini with the release of the musical romantic comedy film From Justin to Kelly in June 2003. The film was poorly received by critics and was unsuccessful at the box office, with Clarkson explaining that she was "contractually obligated" to do the film and didn't like it. In 2002, Clarkson, along with American Idol judges Paula Abdul and Randy Jackson and hosts Brian Dunkleman and Ryan Seacrest, participated in the season premiere of the eighth season of the television comedy series MADtv. She also portrayed Brenda Lee in two episodes of the television drama American Dreams between 2003 and 2004. On December 25, 2003, Clarkson participated in the television special competition World Idol in London, along with the inaugural winners of the several Idol television series around the world. Clarkson was contractually obligated to participate, and she performed Aretha Franklin's " A Natural Woman". She ended up as the runner-up with 97 points, behind the first Norwegian Idol Kurt Nilsen. 2004–2006: New management and Breakaway Trying to distance herself from her American Idol image, Clarkson decided to leave Fuller and 19 Management and hired the services of talent manager Jeff Kwatinetz of The Firm. She reinvented herself to some extent, developing a more rock-oriented sound with her second studio album, Breakaway. Davis served as the executive producer for the record, while Clarkson co-wrote six of the tracks with pop and rock songwriters such as former Evanescence band members Ben Moody and David Hodges, Kara DioGuardi, Dr. Luke and Max Martin. Breakaway received critical acclaim, with Erlewine of AllMusic remarking: "What gives Breakaway its spine are the driving, anthemic pop tunes, numbers that sound simultaneously mainstream and youthful, which is a hard trick to pull off, and they are the tracks that illustrate Clarkson is a rare thing in the 2000s: a pop singer who's neither hip nor square, just solidly and enjoyably in the mainstream." Breakaway was released on November 30, 2004, and became Clarkson's most commercially successful album. After debuting at number three on the Billboard 200, its longevity allowed it to become the third-best-selling album of 2005 in the US and was certified sextuple platinum by the RIAA. The album also enjoyed success throughout the world; it topped the charts in the Netherlands and Ireland, became the world's seventh-best-selling album of 2005 and went on to sell more than twelve million copies worldwide. Clarkson was named the Top Female Artist of the Year by Billboard. She promoted the album with the Breakaway Tour, Hazel Eyes Tour, and Addicted Tour which took place from 2005 to 2006. Five singles were released to promote Breakaway. Its title track, "Breakaway", was originally released in July 2004, as the soundtrack for Disney film The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement and was later re-released as the album's fifth single in May 2006. It became Clarkson's third top-ten single on the Billboard Hot 100 with a peak of number six. It was a major success on adult contemporary radio, topping the Billboard Adult Contemporary for 21 weeks and the Adult Contemporary Audience chart for 28 weeks . "Since U Been Gone" was released as the album's lead single in November 2004 and became Clarkson's most successful single on the Hot 100 despite peaking at number two. The second and third singles, "Behind These Hazel Eyes" and "Because of You", also followed suit—peaking at number six and number seven on the Hot 100, respectively. "Because of You" became Clarkson's biggest single worldwide, reaching number one on the European Hot 100 Singles chart and the national charts in Brazil, the Netherlands, Denmark, and Switzerland. The fourth single, "Walk Away", peaked at number twelve on the Hot 100. According to Mediabase, Clarkson was the most-played artist of 2006 in the U.S. Breakaway garnered Clarkson many accolades, including two trophies at the 48th Grammy Awards—the Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for "Since U Been Gone" and the Best Pop Vocal Album. She also won Best Female Video two years in a row, for "Since U Been Gone" and "Because of You", at the MTV Video Music Awards. Clarkson's second video album, Behind Hazel Eyes, was released on March 29, 2005. In 2005, she performed and participated during the thirtieth season of the American sketch-comedy series, Saturday Night Live, and the reality series Damage Control with Simple Plan frontman Pierre Bouvier. She performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Game 2 of the NBA Finals. She performed during the festivities All-Star Game and the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino, Italy; In 2006, Clarkson recorded "Go" as a free download for the Ford Motor Company advertising campaign. 2007–2009: My December and All I Ever Wanted Clarkson's third studio album, My December, was released on June 22, 2007. The album relied on darker themes and heavier rock music. She replaced Davis as the executive producer and co-wrote all the tracks. She opted to collaborate with her band members rather than her previous producers and collaborators. Its production and release became a subject of a dispute with RCA, particularly with Davis. He noted the album's lack of professional production input and wanted her to re-record tracks with a more mainstream appeal, which she refused. Clarkson defended herself saying, "I've sold more than 15 million records worldwide, and still nobody listens to what I have to say. I couldn't give a crap about being a star. I've always just wanted to sing and write." The album received positive response, but lack of promotion due to reluctance of RCA led Clarkson to dismiss Kwatinetz and Live Nation to cancel its accompanying tour, the My December Tour, and reschedule it into a smaller scale with supporting acts Jon McLaughlin, Sean Kingston and Mandy Moore. Clarkson later hired talent manager Narvel Blackstock of Starstruck Management. Blackstock was the husband of country artist Reba McEntire, of whom Clarkson is a close friend. Clarkson later issued an apology to Davis, citing him as "a key advisor" in her success. My December debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified platinum by the RIAA. The album went on to sell over 2.5 million copies worldwide. It featured only one major hit single, "Never Again", which debuted and peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100—her highest debut on the chart ever. On July 7, 2007, Clarkson performed on the American leg of Live Earth concert. Clarkson partnered with NASCAR during their 2007 season, appearing in televised advertisements, performed at pre-race concerts, promoted NASCAR Day, and appeared at the Champions' Banquet in December. Clarkson collaborated with Reba McEntire in an hour-long CMT Crossroads special at Nashville's Ryman Auditorium on February 22, 2007. Introduced by Dolly Parton, Clarkson performed "Why Haven't I Heard from You" and "Does He Love You" with Martina McBride on the television special CMT Giants: Reba McEntire. She also appeared on an episode of McEntire's sitcom Reba, which aired on January 14, 2007. At the Academy of Country Music Awards on May 16, 2007, Clarkson and McEntire sang a country version of "Because of You", which also became the lead single from the album Reba: Duets. It peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals. Throughout 2008, Clarkson and McEntire embarked on the 2 Worlds 2 Voices Tour to support Reba: Duets and My December. Clarkson's fourth album, All I Ever Wanted, was released on March 10, 2009. Clarkson continued to co-write her own material, but this time she returned to a mainstream-oriented sound by reuniting with previous collaborators Dr. Luke, Martin, and DioGuardi, and new collaborators Howard Benson, Claude Kelly, Ryan Tedder, Glen Ballard, Matt Thiessen and Katy Perry in contributing tracks for the album. The release of All I Ever Wanted was met with positive acclaim from music critics for its lighter themes. The album was a commercial success, debuting at number one on the Billboard 200 and remaining there for two weeks. The album has sold over a million copies in the U.S. and garnered Clarkson a nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 52nd Grammy Awards. Its first single, "My Life Would Suck Without You", became an international hit. It entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number 97 and rose to the top position the following week, breaking the record for the biggest jump to number one in a single week previously held by Britney Spears' "Womanizer". It also topped the charts in the United Kingdom, Canada, and Hungary. It was followed with two more top-twenty singles, "I Do Not Hook Up" and "Already Gone". The release of "Already Gone" became a subject of another dispute between Clarkson and RCA, after she realized its similarities with Beyoncé's song "Halo", both of which were produced by Tedder. Further promotion for the album was abruptly ended with the limited success of its fourth and final singles, "All I Ever Wanted" and "Cry". Clarkson supported All I Ever Wanted with the All I Ever Wanted Tour from 2009 to 2010. She also performed as one of many main artists for the return of VH1 Divas in September 2009. Clarkson became a guest mentor on the Dutch television series X Factor in November 2009. 2010–2012: Stronger, Duets, and Greatest Hits – Chapter One Clarkson recorded a country duet with Jason Aldean, "Don't You Wanna Stay", for his 2010 album My Kinda Party. It became her first number-one song on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and has sold over 2.7 million copies, making it the best-selling country collaboration in history. It received numerous country-related accolades, including a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Country Duo/Group Performance at the 54th Grammy Awards. Clarkson incorporated a slight country vibe into her fifth studio album, Stronger, which was also influenced by Prince, Tina Turner, Sheryl Crow, and Radiohead. She worked with several producers including Greg Kurstin, Ester Dean, Darkchild, Toby Gad, Steve Jordan, and Howard Benson. Released on October 21, 2011, Stronger debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA. It was also critically applauded and won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards, making her the first artist to win the award twice. Stronger's lead single, "Mr. Know It All", was released in September 2011. It reached number one in Australia and South Korea and attained a top-ten position in seven countries, including the U.S., where it became her ninth top-ten hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It also became a crossover hit to the country charts, prompting RCA to reissue a country version. "Stronger " served as the second single in January 2012, and topped sixteen Billboard charts, becoming her third number one on the Hot 100. It also reached number one in Poland and Slovakia and reached the top ten in many other charts worldwide. It remains Clarkson's best-selling single, with 4.9 million copies sold in the U.S. alone. The song was nominated for three Grammy Awards—Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance. "Dark Side" was released as the third and final single in June 2012, and it achieved a modest success. It became her eleventh top-ten hit on the Billboard Adult Pop Songs chart, and she surpassed Sheryl Crow and Katy Perry as the female artist with the most top-ten songs on the chart. The release of Stronger was accompanied by two EPs, The Smoakstack Sessions and iTunes Session. The latter debuted at number 85 on the Billboard 200, and it was promoted by its only single, a cover of "I'll Be Home for Christmas". Clarkson co-wrote "Tell Me a Lie", which was recorded by British boy band One Direction for their debut album, Up All Night . Clarkson promoted Stronger with two concert tours, the Stronger Tour and the co-headlining the Kelly Clarkson / The Fray Tour with the alternative rock band The Fray. On February 5, 2012, she performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Super Bowl XLVI to widespread critical acclaim. She later released a promotional single, "Get Up ", for use in Pepsi's NFL advertising campaign. Clarkson served as a mentor and judge, alongside John Legend, Jennifer Nettles, and Robin Thicke, on the ABC television show Duets, which premiered on May 24, 2012. The show concluded on July 19, 2012, with Clarkson's contestant Jason Farol finishing as the second runner-up. She also became a guest mentor to Blake Shelton's team on second season on The Voice. The two later collaborated on a cover of "There's a New Kid in Town" for Shelton's 2012 Christmas album, Cheers, It's Christmas. Commemorating the 10th anniversary of her career in music, Clarkson released her first greatest hits album, Greatest Hits – Chapter One, on November 19, 2012. Three new songs recorded for the compilation—"Catch My Breath", "Don't Rush" and "People Like Us"—were all released as singles. "Catch My Breath" became her 14th top-twenty hit on the Hot 100 chart as well as her 13th million-selling single in the United States. According to Billboard, it was the third biggest adult contemporary song of 2013. However, its follow-up singles performed moderately well on the charts. Clarkson earned more nominations from the country music industry, including Best Country Duo/Group Performance for "Don't Rush" at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards and Female Vocalist of the Year at the 2012 Country Music Association Awards. Chapter One was eventually certified gold in Australia, the UK and the U.S. 2013–2015: Wrapped in Red and Piece by Piece In January 2013, Clarkson performed "My Country, 'Tis of Thee" at the second inauguration of U.S. President Barack Obama. Her live rendition was acclaimed by critics, who contrasted it with Beyoncé's pre-recorded performance during the same event. In February 2013, she performed "Tennessee Waltz" and " A Natural Woman" at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards as a tribute to Patti Page and Carole King. She also released a non-album single, "Tie It Up", exclusively to country music stations in June 2013. Clarkson and Maroon 5 performed at 24 concerts as part of the 12th Annual Honda Civic Tour, starting on August 1, 2013, and ending on October 6, 2013. She was featured on the re-recorded version of "Foolish Games" for Jewel's first compilation, Greatest Hits . Clarkson also collaborated with singer Robbie Williams on the song "Little Green Apples" for his 2013 album Swings Both Ways. Clarkson's sixth studio album and first Christmas record, Wrapped in Red, was solely produced by Greg Kurstin. She co-wrote all five original songs and recorded eleven cover versions of Christmas standards and carols. Released on October 25, 2013, the album debuted at number one on the Billboard Top Holiday Albums and at number three on the Billboard 200 chart. By December 2013, Wrapped in Red had already been certified platinum by the RIAA and eventually became the best-selling holiday album of the year. The album's lead single, "Underneath the Tree", was an adult contemporary number-one hit in both the U.S. and Canada. Clarkson subsequently became Billboard's ninth top adult contemporary act of 2013. On December 11, 2013, her first Christmas special debut, Kelly Clarkson's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale, garnered over 5.3 million viewers. In December 2013, Citizen Watch Co. announced Clarkson as their newest Brand Ambassador. Retaining her relationship with country music acts in 2014, Clarkson collaborated with Martina McBride on "In the Basement" for McBride's album Everlasting and with Trisha Yearwood on "PrizeFighter" for Yearwood's compilation PrizeFighter: Hit After Hit. Clarkson also performed a rendition of "All I Ask of You" with Josh Groban on his seventh studio album, Stages, and its companion television special. She was featured on Ben Haenow's "Second Hand Heart", the lead single from his debut studio album. In February 2015, Clarkson released Piece by Piece, her seventh and final studio album under her recording contract with RCA Records. Musically, it is an electropop and dance album, featuring collaborations with Kurstin, Jesse Shatkin, Sia, John Legend, and Shane McAnally, among others. Piece by Piece received a reasonably positive response from music critics and became her third album to debut at the top of the Billboard 200 chart. To promote the album, Clarkson appeared in several televised performances, including the fourteenth season of American Idol, where she became the only alumnus ever to be dedicated with a competing week featuring her discography. She also supported the Piece by Piece Tour throughout 2015, which was cut short of its worldwide visits following medical recommendations for a vocal rest during the year. Piece by Piece spawned three singles. The first one, "Heartbeat Song", peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and became a top-ten hit in the UK, Austria, Poland, and South Africa. However, Clarkson failed to achieve a similar success with the second single, "Invincible". The third and final single, "Piece by Piece", debuted and peaked at number eight on the Hot 100 chart, following Clarkson's emotional performance on the fifteenth season of American Idol. It became her eleventh U.S. top-ten hit and matched "Never Again" as her highest debut on the chart. At the 58th Annual Grammy Awards, the album and "Heartbeat Song" were nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album and Best Pop Solo Performance, respectively. At the following year, the title track also received a nomination for Best Pop Solo Performance. 2016–2018: Children's books, Meaning of Life, and The Voice In February 2016, it was announced that Clarkson had signed a book deal with HarperCollins. Her first children's book, River Rose and the Magical Lullaby was released on October 4, 2016. The book features an original lullaby written and performed by Clarkson. On the possibility of writing any more books in the future, Clarkson told Publishers Weekly, "I've got a few ideas – there could be a lullaby for each book. We've got a plethora of stories, and I've already written seven songs, full out, so we'll just have to see which ones might pan out to be a book. But yes, there will definitely be more." The second book featuring River Rose, River Rose and the Magical Christmas, was released on October 24, 2017, and included an original song written and sung by Clarkson, "Christmas Eve". On March 15, 2016, First Lady Michelle Obama released "This Is for My Girls", a collaborative track featuring vocals from Clarkson, Janelle Monáe, Kelly Rowland, Lea Michele, Zendaya, and Missy Elliott to coincide with Barack Obama's SXSW speech and to promote the First Lady's third-world educational initiative Let Girls Learn. Clarkson recorded a solo version of "It's Quiet Uptown" for The Hamilton Mixtape. Her version was released on November 3, 2016, as a promotional single for the album. She also recorded a duet called "Love Goes On" with Aloe Blacc for the original soundtrack of The Shack, which was released in the United States on March 3, 2017. On May 11, 2017, it was announced that Clarkson would join The Voice as a coach for the series' fourteenth season. On June 24, 2016, Clarkson announced she had signed a long-term worldwide deal with Atlantic Records, with the intentions of releasing a soul-influenced eighth studio album in 2017. Her lead single "Love So Soft", was released on September 7, 2017, along with the song "Move You". On September 6, 2017, Clarkson announced that her album, Meaning of Life, would be released on October 27, 2017. The album went on to debut and peak at number 2 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 79,000 album-equivalent units. With the release of Meaning of Life, Clarkson revealed that she had discussions with Atlantic Records about the sound of the follow-up record and has expressed interest in venturing deeper into R&B and soulful pop music. Clarkson opened the 45th American Music Awards with P!nk, and together they performed R.E.M.'s "Everybody Hurts" to honor first responders. Later in the show, she performed "Miss Independent" and "Love So Soft". "Love So Soft" was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards, giving her the record for the most nominations in that category with four. Clarkson lent her voice in the animated film The Star, alongside Oprah Winfrey, Steven Yeun, Tyler Perry, and others. The film is based on the Nativity of Jesus. Developed by Sony Pictures Animation, the film was released on November 17, 2017. This was the first film in which Clarkson performed a voice role. Clarkson also had a guest voice role in the Netflix animated series Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh, portraying herself in the series' 2017 animated Christmas special, Home for the Holidays, alongside Ben Schwartz. In March 2018, Clarkson released "I've Loved You Since Forever", a ballad version of the children's book by Hoda Kotb. Clarkson hosted and performed at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards on May 20, 2018. In the fourteenth season of The Voice, Brynn Cartelli was crowned the winner, giving Clarkson her first victory. In the fifteenth season of The Voice, Chevel Shepherd was crowned the winner, giving Clarkson her second consecutive victory and making her the first female coach to win multiple seasons. 2019–2022: The Kelly Clarkson Show and When Christmas Comes Around... On February 28, 2019, it was announced that she would return to host the 2019 Billboard Music Awards, which aired on May 1, 2019. Clarkson voiced Moxy and provided original songs in the animated musical comedy film UglyDolls, which was released on May 3, 2019. On March 27, 2019, she released "Broken & Beautiful", the lead single from the UglyDolls: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack. Clarkson also began hosting the daytime variety talk show, The Kelly Clarkson Show, which premiered on September 9, 2019. In December 2019, Jake Hoot was crowned the winner of the seventeenth season of The Voice, giving Clarkson her third victory as a coach in four seasons. In November 2019, Clarkson announced a Las Vegas residency, Kelly Clarkson: Invincible. The residency was due to take place at the Zappos Theater. It was supposed to run from April to September 2020, but it was postponed indefinitely due to the coronavirus pandemic. Also in November 2019, Clarkson made an appearance on the Apple TV+ drama series The Morning Show as herself, performing her song "Heat" and interacting with the fictional hosts of the show. In February 2020, Clarkson became a brand ambassador for Wayfair. In addition, Wayfair released "an 'exclusive' collection of furniture and decor inspired by Clarkson and her Texan roots." On April 10, 2020, Trolls World Tour, which featured a character voiced by Clarkson, was released. On April 16, 2020, Clarkson released the standalone single "I Dare You" in English, as well as duets in five different languages with five native-speaking artists. In May 2020, The Kelly Clarkson Show earned seven nominations, the most for any talk show, with Clarkson winning in the category Outstanding Entertainment Talk Show Host. In June 2020, it was announced that she would receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2021, being inducted into the category of Recording. In May 2021, NBC announced that Clarkson's show would take over the time slot of The Ellen DeGeneres Show after it ends in 2022. In June 2021, Clarkson won two Daytime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Talk Show Entertainment and a second consecutive win for Outstanding Entertainment Talk Show Host. On September 23, 2021, Clarkson released "Christmas Isn't Canceled ", the lead single off her ninth studio album and second Christmas album, When Christmas Comes Around... The album was released on October 15, 2021, to positive reviews and earned Clarkson a nomination for the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album. In November 2021, Clarkson performed at the second annual iHeartRadio Holiday Special. She hosted her second Christmas special, Kelly Clarkson Presents: When Christmas Comes Around, which premiered on December 1, 2021. Also in December 2021, Girl Named Tom were crowned winners of the twenty-first season of The Voice. They are the first group act to win an American season & secured Clarkson's final victory as a coach. In February 2022, Clarkson and Snoop Dogg were named co-hosts of the singing competition series American Song Contest. It is an adaptation of the popular international songwriting competition Eurovision Song Contest. The series premiered on March 21, 2022. On June 9, 2022, Clarkson released Kellyoke, an EP consisting of six cover songs that Clarkson covered during her "Kellyoke" segment on her talk show. She also revealed that her tenth studio album and follow-up to 2017's Meaning of Life and 2021's Christmas album When Christmas Comes Around... was complete, but Clarkson wanted more time to prepare for the promotion and release of the collection. In June 2022, Clarkson won two Daytime Emmys, including Outstanding Talk Show Entertainment for the second consecutive year and Outstanding Entertainment Talk Show Host for the third consecutive year. Clarkson received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on September 19, 2022. Clarkson appeared on the Kelsea Ballerini song, "You're Drunk, Go Home" along with Carly Pearce, which was released in September 2022. 2023–present: Chemistry Clarkson hosted the 12th NFL Honors on February 9, 2023. After taking the twenty-second season of The Voice off, it was announced in October 2022 that she would return for the twenty-third season in 2023. She covered the Cole Porter song, "Don't Fence Me In" on Jeff Goldblum and The Mildred Snitzer Orchestra's EP, Play Well with Others, which was released in March 2023. On March 26, 2023, she announced her tenth studio album, Chemistry, which was released on June 23, 2023. The album's double A-side lead singles, "Mine" and "Me" were released on April 14, 2023. On March 27, 2023, Clarkson announced a ten night Las Vegas residency, Chemistry: An Intimate Evening with Kelly Clarkson, which ran from July 28 to August 19, 2023, at the Bakkt Theater. Four additional dates were added for December 2023 and February 2024. In October 2023, Clarkson relocated and moved production of The Kelly Clarkson Show from Los Angeles to New York City to start its fifth season. On November 8, 2023, Clarkson launched her own Sirius XM channel, Kelly Clarkson Connection. The channel features Clarkson's own music, music she loves, and music from artists who inspire her. She also tells stories about her own music. On November 10, 2023, Clarkson's studio album Chemistry earned her a sixth nomination for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album, making her the most nominated performer in the category. On December 15, 2023, Clarkson won two awards at the delayed 50th Daytime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Daytime Talk Series and Outstanding Daytime Talk Series Host, and she won another award for Outstanding Daytime Talk Series at the subsequent 51st Daytime Emmy Awards on June 7, 2024. Clarkson featured on a duet version of James Arthur's song "From the Jump", which was released in April 2024. She is featured on Terri Clark's song "If I Were You", from Clark's 2024 album Take Two. On September 27, 2024, she released "You For Christmas" the lead single from the deluxe reissue of When Christmas Comes Around..., which released on November 1 of the same year. On December 4, 2024, she will return to host and perform on NBC's Christmas in Rockefeller Center for the second year in a row. In January 2025, Clarkson revealed on her talk show she had launched her own record label, with plans to release her own music independently for the first time in her career. The following month, Live Nation announced Kelly Clarkson: Studio Sessions, an eighteen-date residency at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Artistry Voice Critics have said Clarkson has a soprano voice. Arion Berger of Rolling Stone wrote that "her high notes are sweet and pillowy, her growl is bone-shaking and sexy, and her mid-range is amazingly confident." In reviewing a live performance of Clarkson's, Jon Caramanica of The New York Times said she "showed off a voice that moved in all sorts of ways, without ever appearing to strain", continuing "Ms. Clarkson, who has a malleable voice and a boatload of vocal confidence, might be a soul siren in the making". However, in a separate review of Stronger, Caramanica said Clarkson's voice is "too huge, too violent" for warmer and sweeter vocal stylings, stating "she's on a par with Taylor Swift when it comes to vengeance, and she'll do it louder and with more brutality in comparison to her contemporary." In a live review as part of her Stronger Tour, Sophie Sinclair of Hit The Floor said "Kelly's strong and powerful voice was flawless throughout the night, and some may even say she sounds better live than she does on her albums". Mark Deming from Phoenix New Times stated that "in an era when pop music means over-singing a song into a bloody pulp, Clarkson has consistently displayed both charisma and a welcome sense of restraint, knowing how to sound passionate and heartfelt without forgetting where the melody and the root note is supposed to go." Dr. Luke, who produced some of Clarkson's hits, said "She has powerful lungs. She's like the Lance Armstrong of vocal cords." In an interview with Good Morning America, Simon Cowell was asked of the then six American Idol winners, who he thought had the best voice. Cowell immediately answered that Clarkson did "by a mile", noting that she was "up there" with other great singers such as Celine Dion. Esquire wrote that Clarkson has "the best voice in the history of pop music". Reviewing Stronger, Jody Rosen of Rolling Stone states, Clarkson has "one of music's most remarkable voices." Jason Lipshutz from Billboard considered Clarkson as one of the greatest singers in pop music. Regarding the controversial practice of lip-syncing, Clarkson says she never has and never will lip-sync, elaborating in an interview with Cory Myers, "I've actually never done that because I'm terrified; if I ever did that, something horrible would happen, the track would skip. I have a really unhealthy fear about it. So no, I've never done that". Clarkson has earned the title "Queen of Covers" for her ability to perform songs from artists of various genres. Influences At age eight, Clarkson was first inspired to venture into music during a visit to an African-American church in Fort Worth, Texas. She recalled: "I was like, 'Wow, whatever they're feeling, I want to feel it too'." Clarkson has been influenced by musicians across various genres. She cited soul singer Aretha Franklin as her major influence. Many of her chosen Idol numbers were Aretha Franklin covers, including " A Natural Woman", which is considered her breakout moment during the competition. Other soul acts who influenced Clarkson were Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Etta James and Stevie Wonder. Clarkson was also influenced by Christina Aguilera, by rock acts such as Radiohead, Garbage, Aerosmith, and Jimi Hendrix, as well as Reba McEntire, Bette Midler, and Rosemary Clooney. Regarding her musical influence, Clarkson explained: I grew up with three totally different parents that were into different music. My stepfather is into Willie Nelson and Elvis and all that kind of stuff. And my real father is into Whitney and Mariah, and Aretha, all those soulful singers. My mom is into more, like, adult contemporary—Celine Dion, Barbra [Streisand], Bette Midler, all those types of things. And then my brother is a big influence on me. He's like ten years older than me, so you always wanna be around your cool brother and hang out, so I grew up loving Guns N' Roses. I was all about Metallica. I was all about all those bands, and I still am. I love Aerosmith and No Doubt. I have so many influences on me that are so different. And even country. I love Reba McEntire. I could listen to her all the time. Clarkson often covers rock songs on her Kellyoke segment of her talk show, such as Metallica's "Sad but True", and Heart's "Crazy on You". Impact Clarkson has scored over 100 number ones on the Billboard charts and has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Clarkson has sold over 25 million albums and 45 million singles worldwide, including 14 million albums and 35 million digital singles in the United States alone. She became the first artist to top each of Billboard's pop, adult contemporary, country and dance charts. She was ranked nineteenth on VH1's list of 100 Greatest Women in Music. Television channel Fuse included Clarkson among "30 Greatest Musicians to Come From Singing Competitions" list. Rolling Stone ranked her 194 on their list of 200 Best Singers of All Time in 2023. In 2025, Billboard listed Clarkson as the 11th biggest female artist of the 21st century . Music executive Simon Cowell believed that "What [Clarkson] sold in the UK, Europe, Asia had nothing to do with American Idol. It had everything to do with the fact that she made a great record and she's got an incredible voice. She's not a girl who got lucky in a talent competition; we got lucky to find her." According to The Hollywood Reporter, Clarkson is "the embodiment of the perfect pop star. Her unmistakable pipes are a powerful presence in top 40 and country, with forays into anthemic rock and dance." Nolan Feeney from Time asserted that Clarkson "has had more of a lasting impact on the pop music landscape than casual listeners might realize." According to Billboard, Clarkson was a "phenomenon" who "helped legitimize" the impact of talent shows. The Washington Post wrote that "Clarkson's powerhouse voice and dynamic presence signaled that the music industry should take these reality show contestants seriously: Her first two albums, Thankful and Breakaway, sold about ten million copies combined, and her pop tunes became empowerment anthems across the globe." In 2007, journalist Nekesa Mumbi Moody reported that the success of Breakaway in particular was the true pivotal moment in establishing American Idol's credibility, proving that the show was capable of "finding someone who would have a career with longevity". Glenn Gamboa of Newsday believed Clarkson "has set the standard for all singing competition contestants with her savvy mix of pop, rock and country." Fox Broadcasting Company said that Clarkson gave "lasting credibility" to American Idol and "in so many ways she cleared a road" for all of the next contestants." George Varga from The San Diego Union-Tribune underlined the difference of Clarkson from most other talent show contestants is that she "writes or co-writes a fair number of [her] own songs. She is also the only one whose quest to follow her artistic instincts—the better to rock out and break free from the Idol cookie-cutter pop mold—prompted her to fire her management team and engage in a prolonged public battle with her record company, RCA." Jon Lisi from PopMatters cited Clarkson as one of the forces of female domination in pop music of the 2000s. He explained that "Clarkson's anti-sexual image appealed to those who were uncomfortable with Britney Spears' overt exhibitionism. When Clarkson performed "Since U Been Gone" at the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards, for instance, she only showed her midriff, and it was clear that she was marketing herself to an alternative group of young females who liked pop music's conventional sound but didn't want to be confronted with sexual imagery." Mickey Rapkin of Billboard magazine, who called Clarkson a role model and compared her vocals to golden-era Aretha Franklin, stated that Clarkson "has never shied away from speaking her mind, whether in her propulsive pop anthems or on her filter-free Twitter feed." Clarkson has been an influence on other artists, including Vanessa Hudgens, Demi Lovato, Ava Max, Jordin Sparks, Ashley Tisdale, Avril Lavigne, as well as country music singers such as Kelsea Ballerini and Priscilla Block. Personal life In February 2012, Clarkson began dating talent manager Brandon Blackstock, son of her former manager Narvel Blackstock and former stepson of Reba McEntire. She and Blackstock married on October 20, 2013, at Blackberry Farm in Walland, Tennessee. During their marriage, Brandon was her manager. Together, they have a daughter, born in June 2014, and a son, born in April 2016. In June 2020, Clarkson filed for divorce from Blackstock, citing irreconcilable differences. In March 2022, it was reported their divorce had been finalized. On November 21, 2023, Clarkson was awarded more than $2.6 million from her ex-husband for commissions paid to him for business deals he procured as her manager. The California Labor Commissioner ruled that Blackstock violated the state's Talent Agencies Act by handling these deals, which should have been managed by Clarkson's talent agents at Creative Artists Agency. The ruling included commissions from Clarkson's role on The Voice and other promotional agreements, but did not require repayment for deals related to The Kelly Clarkson Show. In October 2019, Clarkson said that she has been managing an autoimmune condition and a thyroid condition since 2006, which she had previously addressed on Today in 2018. In February 2022, Clarkson changed her legal name to Kelly Brianne. In an interview, she revealed the name change was for her personal life, while her public name would remain the same. Clarkson stated the reason behind her name change was due to a strained relationship with her late father. Philanthropy In April 2007, Clarkson took part in "Idol Gives Back", a fundraiser for people in poverty in both Africa and the U.S., performing "Up to the Mountain" along with Jeff Beck. She would also perform a five-song set later that year on the American leg of Live Earth concerts opting for environmental awareness about climate change. She has served as ambassador for the March of Dimes since she was on American Idol, raising money regularly and assisting in volunteer service, having walked for "March for Babies", for the cause of improvement of the health of mothers and babies. Clarkson, additionally, got involved in the organization "Houses of Hope", who take care and build orphanages for children in South Africa who have been affected by HIV/AIDS, abuse and poverty. She has visited those children and also participated in "A Night for Hope" fund-raiser concert , where she performed a song she wrote after her trip to South Africa, "You Still Won't Know What It's Like". Clarkson also supports the charities Save the Children, UNICEF, "Do Something" and "STOMP Out Bullying" and music causes like the Save the Music Foundation. Clarkson had a ranch in Texas for unwanted animals, which included amputee goats, blind dogs, and horses that survived colic; there are more than 80 animals at the sanctuary. She helped provide veterinary care for them and found them an adoptive family. Clarkson performed in a benefit concert on March 1, 2013, supporting the Omaha based Opportunity Education Foundation, an organization that provides access to education for children around the world, stating "Education was a key part of my childhood, and I am better for it. Anything for education I am really into and especially for kids. A lot of people don't have computers, and they can't afford them. Without education, you get far behind. As long as they have a chance, you know, I think that's important. I want every kid to have a chance." In 2013, Clarkson teamed up with State Farm Insurance to support teen safe driving as a part of Celebrate My Drive program. In 2013, Clarkson supported Feeding America, The Ad Council and their Child Hunger PSA Campaign, which provides food for children facing hunger. Also in 2013, Clarkson participated in Green Mountain Coffee's Great Coffee, Good Vibes, Choose Fair Trade campaign by traveling to coffee farms in Peru to draw attention to the importance of being Fair Trade Certified. Discography Studio albums Thankful Breakaway My December All I Ever Wanted Stronger Wrapped in Red Piece by Piece Meaning of Life When Christmas Comes Around... Chemistry Concert tours and residencies Filmography Written works Clarkson, Kelly . River Rose and the Magical Lullaby. New York: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-0624-2756-4. Clarkson, Kelly . River Rose and the Magical Christmas. New York: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-0626-9764-6.

=== Kelly Rowland ===
Kelendria Trene Rowland is an American singer, actress, and television personality. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as a member of Destiny's Child, one of the world's best-selling girl groups. During the group's three-year hiatus, Rowland released her debut solo studio album, Simply Deep , which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and sold over 3 million copies worldwide. It included the Billboard Hot 100 number-one single "Dilemma" , as well as the UK top-five hits "Stole" and "Can't Nobody". Rowland also ventured into acting with starring roles in Freddy vs. Jason and The Seat Filler . Following the disbanding of Destiny's Child in 2006, Rowland released her second studio album, Ms. Kelly , which produced the international top-ten hits "Like This" and "Work". In 2009, she hosted the first season of The Fashion Show, and was featured on David Guetta's "When Love Takes Over", which topped the charts in several countries. Its success influenced Rowland to explore electronic dance music on her third studio album, Here I Am , which spawned the UK top-ten singles "Commander" , "Down for Whatever" and "What a Feeling", as a well as the hit electro-R&B single "Motivation" . Her fourth studio album, Talk a Good Game , became her third top-ten album on the US Billboard 200 chart. Rowland was a television judge on the eighth season of The X Factor UK , as well as the third season of The X Factor USA . She has continued her television career by hosting Chasing Destiny and starred as a coach on The Voice Australia . Rowland is credited with forming the girl groups Little Mix and June's Diary from her stints on The X Factor UK and Chasing Destiny respectively. Throughout her career, Rowland has sold over 40 million records as a solo artist, and a further estimated 60 million records with Destiny's Child. Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including five Grammy Awards, one Billboard Music Award, and two Soul Train Music Awards. Rowland has also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame as part of Destiny's Child, and as a solo artist, she has been honored by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and Essence for her contributions to music. In 2014, Fuse ranked Rowland in their "100 Most Award-Winning Artists" list at number 20. Early life Kelendria Trene Rowland was born on February 11, 1981, in Atlanta, Georgia. She is the daughter of Doris Rowland-Garrison and Christopher Lovett. She has an older brother named Orlando. When Rowland was seven, her mother left her father, who was an abusive alcoholic and suffered post-traumatic stress disorder from serving in the Vietnam War, and Rowland went with her. When Rowland was seven or eight, she and her mother relocated to Houston, where at some point she moved in with fellow Destiny's Child member Beyoncé, referring to Beyoncé's mother Tina Knowles as "Mama T". Circa the early 1990s, Rowland joined Beyoncé, Tamar Davis and LaTavia Roberson in the girl group Girl's Tyme. Girl's Tyme competed on the nationally televised talent show Star Search, but lost the competition to Skeleton Crew. Beyoncé's father Mathew Knowles reduced the sextet lineup to a quartet, including new member LeToya Luckett, and began managing the group. In 1995, they signed with Elektra Records, who dropped them months later. D'wayne Wiggins then began working with the group, and they were briefly signed to his label. The group went through several name changes, including the Dolls, Something Fresh, Cliché, and Destiny before deciding upon a final moniker. Under the name Destiny's Child, the group was picked up by Columbia Records. They continued performing as an opening act for other established R&B groups of the time, such as SWV, Dru Hill, and Immature. Career 1997–2001: Destiny's Child Taken from a passage in the Biblical Book of Isaiah, the group changed their name to Destiny's Child, after signing to Columbia Records in 1997. That same year, Destiny's Child recorded their major label debut song "Killing Time", for the soundtrack to the 1997 film Men in Black. Later that year, the group released their debut single, "No, No, No", and the following year, they released their self-titled debut album. The album amassed moderate sales and won the group three Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards. The group released their multi-platinum second album The Writing's on the Wall in 1999. The album features some of the group's most successful singles such as "Bills, Bills, Bills", "Jumpin' Jumpin'" and "Say My Name". "Say My Name" won Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and Best R&B Song at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The Writing's on the Wall sold more than 15 million copies worldwide. Along with their commercial successes, the group became entangled in much-publicized turmoil involving the filing of a lawsuit by group members Luckett and Roberson for breach of contract. Michelle Williams and Farrah Franklin appeared in the video of "Say My Name", and Luckett and Roberson were dismissed from the group. Franklin would eventually quit the group after five months. After settling on their final lineup, the trio released "Independent Women Part I", which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2000 film, Charlie's Angels. It became their best-charting single, topping the Billboard Hot 100 for eleven consecutive weeks. That same year, Luckett and Roberson withdrew their case against their now-former bandmates, while maintaining the suit against Mathew, which ended in both sides agreeing to stop public disparaging. Later that year, while Destiny's Child was completing their third album Survivor, Rowland appeared on the remix of Avant's single "Separated". Survivor, which channeled the turmoil the band underwent, spawned its lead single of the same name, which was a response to the experience. The song went on to win a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. The themes of "Survivor", however, caused Luckett and Roberson to refile their lawsuit; the proceedings were eventually settled in June 2002. The album was released in May 2001, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 663,000 copies sold. Survivor has sold over twelve million copies worldwide, over forty percent of which were sold in the US alone. The album also spawned the number-one hit "Bootylicious" on which Rowland sang lead vocals. Before releasing their remix album This Is the Remix in 2002, the group announced a temporary hiatus to pursue solo projects. 2002–2006: Simply Deep and Destiny Fulfilled In 2002, Rowland was featured on Nelly's single "Dilemma", which won the pair a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. The song became one of the most successful singles of the year, topping many charts worldwide, including the United States, where it became Rowland's first number-one single as a solo artist, selling worldwide over 7.6 million copies. Caroline Sullivan of The Guardian wrote that because of the song's success, "Rowland is no longer a mere backing vocalist for Beyoncé.". Rowland's debut solo album, Simply Deep, was released on October 22, 2002, in the US. Featuring production contributions by Mark J. Feist, Big Bert, Rich Harrison, and singers Brandy and Solange Knowles providing background vocals, the album took Rowland's solo work further into an alternative music mixture, which Rowland described as a "weird fusion [of] a little bit of Sade and a little bit of rock." Simply Deep debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and at number three on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, with first-week sales of 77,000 copies sold. It was eventually certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . As of 2013, Simply Deep remains as Rowland's best-selling album in the US, with 602,000 copies sold. Released to an even bigger success in international territories, Simply Deep topped the UK Albums Chart and became a gold-seller in Australia, Canada, and New Zealand, resulting in worldwide sales total of 2.5 million copies. Simply Deep yielded the international top-ten single "Stole" and the UK top-five single "Can't Nobody". Rowland transitioned into acting in 2002, playing the recurring role of Carly in the fourth season of UPN sitcom The Hughleys. She continued her acting career the following year, with guest roles in UPN sitcom Eve as Cleo, and in NBC drama series American Dreams as Martha Reeves. In August 2003, Rowland made her big-screen debut playing the supporting role of Kia Waterson alongside Robert Englund and Monica Keena in the slasher film, Freddy vs. Jason, which grossed $114.5 million at the box office worldwide. In July 2005, Rowland starred opposite Duane Martin and Shemar Moore in the romantic comedy The Seat Filler, which grossed $17.9 million worldwide. She played Jhnelle, a pop star who falls for an awards-show seat filler whom she mistakes for a high-profile entertainment attorney. After a three-year hiatus that involved concentration on individual solo projects, Rowland rejoined Beyoncé and Michelle Williams for Destiny's Child's final studio album Destiny Fulfilled, released on November 15, 2004. The album hit number two on the Billboard 200 and spawned the top-five singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier", which features T.I. and Lil Wayne. The following year, Destiny's Child embarked on a worldwide concert tour, Destiny Fulfilled ... And Lovin' It. During the last stop of the European tour in Barcelona, Spain, on June 11, Rowland announced that they would disband following the North American leg of the tour. Destiny's Child released their first compilation album Number 1's on October 25 in the US, which peaked at number one on the Billboard 200. On March 28, 2006, Destiny's Child accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Rowland and Beyoncé founded the Survivor Foundation, a charitable entity set up to provide transitional housing for victims and storm evacuees in the Houston, Texas area. The Survivor Foundation extended the philanthropic mission of the Knowles-Rowland Center for Youth, a multi-purpose community outreach facility in downtown Houston. Rowland and Beyoncé lent their voices to a collaboration with Kitten Sera, titled "All That I'm Lookin for". The song appeared on The Katrina CD album, whose proceeds went to the Recording Artists for Hope organization. Rowland returned to television in 2006, playing Tammy Hamilton, in the sixth season of UPN sitcom Girlfriends. Rowland initially hoped her three-episode stint would expand to a larger recurring role, but as the show was moved to The CW Television Network the following year, plans for a return eventually went nowhere. 2007–2009: Ms. Kelly In June 2007, Kelly Rowland embarked on the Ms. Kelly Tour to promote her second solo album Ms. Kelly. The five-date tour visited Europe, North America, Africa, and Asia. Ms. Kelly was released on July 3, 2007, in the United States. Originally titled My Story, the album's first version was actually scheduled for a June 2006 release, but Rowland, her management and Columbia Records decided to shelve the album at the last minute to re-work a version with a different vibe as the singer considered the final track listing "too full of midtempos and ballads." Rowland eventually consulted additional producers to collaborate on the album, including Billy Mann, Mysto & Pizzi, Sean Garrett, Scott Storch, and Polow da Don. Upon its release, Ms. Kelly debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 and number two on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, with first-week sales of 86,000 copies. Outside the US, the album widely failed to reprise the success of Simply Deep, barely reaching the top-forty on the majority of all charts it appeared on, except for the UK, where it opened at number 37. Ms. Kelly included the UK top-five hit "Like This", featuring Eve, as well as the international top-ten hit "Work". In July 2007, Rowland released her first DVD titled BET Presents Kelly Rowland, which celebrates the release Ms. Kelly and features an interview with Rowland about the album's production, footage of her time with Destiny's Child, live performances and music videos. Following the album's lukewarm sales, it was re-released as an extended play titled, Ms. Kelly: Diva Deluxe, on March 25, 2008. The previously unreleased Bobby Womack cover "Daylight", a collaboration with Travie McCoy, served as the EP's lead single and was a moderate success in the UK. In 2007, Rowland, along with stars such as Jessica Simpson and the cast of Grey's Anatomy autographed pink Goody Ouchless brushes that were made available for auction on eBay, with all proceeds going to Breast Cancer Awareness. Also, the singer teamed up with Kanye West, Nelly Furtado, and Snoop Dogg to design a Nike sneaker for another eBay auction. All proceeds went to AIDS Awareness. In October 2007, Rowland auditioned for the role of Louise, Carrie Bradshaw's assistant, in the 2008 film adaptation of HBO's comedy series Sex and the City. The part eventually went to Jennifer Hudson. Two months later, Rowland appeared as a choirmaster in the first season of the NBC talent show Clash of the Choirs among other musicians such as Michael Bolton, Patti LaBelle, Nick Lachey, and Blake Shelton. Rowland's choir finished fifth in the competition, and Clash of the Choirs did not return for a second season. In 2008, Rowland officially became an ambassador for MTV's Staying Alive Foundation, which aims to reduce stigma against people living with HIV and AIDS. She visited projects in Tanzania and Kenya to promote the charity and underwent an HIV test in Africa to raise awareness of the disease. In 2009, Rowland connected with Serve.MTV.com, MTV's platform to connect young people with local volunteerism opportunities, for a series of on-air PSAs. From battling homelessness to beautifying impoverished neighborhoods to saving whales, Rowland was joined by the likes of Cameron Diaz, will.i.am, and Sean Kingston as they discuss causes they volunteer to support and urge young people to join with their friends in making civic service a part of their lifestyle. That same year, she spearheaded a bone marrow drive, and joined fellow singers Alesha Dixon and Pixie Lott to create T-shirts for River Island in aid of the Prince's Trust, profits from which help change young lives. In January 2009, Rowland ended her professional relationship with Beyoncé's father, Mathew Knowles, who had managed her career since she was a member of Destiny's Child. Knowles stressed that no animosity was involved in the decision and acknowledged that Rowland will always be a part of the Knowles family. Then two months later, Rowland announced that she left Columbia Records, adding that she "felt the need to explore new directions, new challenges, and new freedoms outside my comfort zone." In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Rowland stated that the label ended her contract because Ms. Kelly was not commercially successful. She later signed with Universal Motown Records. In April 2009, Rowland was featured on David Guetta's single "When Love Takes Over", which topped many charts in Europe, selling over 5,5 million copies worldwide, and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Dance Recording. Billboard crowned the song as the number one dance-pop collaboration of all time. In May 2009, Rowland was cast to host the first season of Bravo's reality competition series The Fashion Show alongside Isaac Mizrahi, but was replaced by fashion model Iman in the second season. 2010–2012: Here I Am and The X Factor UK In 2010, Kelly Rowland launched I Heart My Girlfriends, a charity that focuses on self-esteem, date violence prevention, community service, abstinence, sports, drug/alcohol/smoking avoidance, obesity, disabilities, and education. In April 2010, Rowland toured Australia alongside Akon, Pitbull, Sean Paul, Jay Sean, and Eve for the Australian urban festival, Supafest. Later that month, her song "Everywhere You Go", featuring an all-star supergroup of international artists called Rhythm of Africa United, was released as the MTN theme song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. In October 2010, the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers honored Rowland at the second annual ASCAP Presents Women Behind the Music, an event that recognizes women in all areas of the music industry. Rowland's first compilation album, Work: The Best of Kelly Rowland, was released on October 25, 2010, but failed to impact the charts. In January 2011, Rowland reunited with Nelly on "Gone", a sequel to their successful 2002 collaboration "Dilemma". Upon its release, the song failed to reprise the success of "Dilemma". In April 2011, Rowland appeared on Italian DJ Alex Gaudino's single "What a Feeling", which became another UK top-ten hit. During this time, Rowland's boyfriend , Tim Weatherspoon, became her manager. Originally scheduled for release in 2010, Rowland's third studio album Here I Am was released on July 26, 2011, in the United States. The album sold 77,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Here I Am produced the successful lead single "Commander", which peaked in the top-ten of many charts in Europe, and the UK top-ten single "Down for Whatever". It also included another successful single "Motivation", with Lil Wayne, which topped the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for seven consecutive weeks and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America . "Motivation" won Song of the Year at the 2011 Soul Train Music Awards and Top R&B Song at the 2012 Billboard Music Awards, and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. Rowland was the face of Diddy's women's fragrance Empress, the female counterpart to his men's fragrance I Am King. She was also the worldwide ambassador for watchmakers company TW Steel. Rowland's second compilation album, Playlist: the Very Best of Kelly Rowland, was released on October 18, 2011, but failed to impact the charts. She also released her first fitness DVD titled Sexy Abs with Kelly Rowland. Later that year, it was confirmed that Rowland would replace Dannii Minogue as a judge for the eighth series of The X Factor UK alongside Louis Walsh, Gary Barlow , and Tulisa . Rowland's team of finalists in the "Girls" category, including Amelia Lily, finished in third place in one series. Rowland would also later be revealed as the judge who formed the girl group Little Mix. Due to a conflicting schedule, Rowland did not return for the ninth series in 2012 and was replaced by former judge of The X Factor USA, Nicole Scherzinger. During the Black Women in Music event held on February 8, 2012, Essence magazine honored Rowland and music executive Sylvia Rhone for their contributions to music. In April 2012, Rowland toured Australia alongside Ludacris, Chris Brown, Trey Songz, T-Pain, Ice Cube, Lupe Fiasco, and Big Sean for the urban festival, Supafest. That same month, she returned to the big screen playing the supporting role of Brenda in the romantic comedy Think Like a Man. The film, which also starred Michael Ealy, Jerry Ferrara, Meagan Good, Regina Hall, and Kevin Hart, topped the US box office and grossed $91.5 million. Rowland recorded "Need a Reason" with Future and Bei Maejor for the Think Like a Man soundtrack. In June 2012, Rowland became the face of popular rum brand Bacardi. Rowland and German production team Project B reworked the Bacardi song, "Bacardi Feeling ", and released an accompanying music video to help promote the brand. In August 2012, Rowland became a dance master in the first season of the Australian talent show Everybody Dance Now alongside Jason Derulo. The show was canceled after the fourth episode due to poor ratings. 2013–2014: Talk a Good Game and The X Factor USA In January 2013, Destiny's Child released a compilation album titled Love Songs, a collection of romance-themed songs from their previous albums, as well as the newly recorded song "Nuclear". On February 3, 2013, during Beyoncé's performance at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Rowland and Michelle Williams joined her on stage to perform "Bootylicious", "Independent Women" and "Single Ladies ". On February 24, 2013, Rowland co-hosted the Academy Awards pre-show for the 85th Academy Awards alongside Kristin Chenoweth, Lara Spencer, Robin Roberts, and Jess Cagle. In May 2013, it was announced that Rowland would replace L.A. Reid as a judge on The X Factor USA for its third and final season, joining Simon Cowell, Demi Lovato, and fellow new judge Paulina Rubio . Rowland's finalists from the "Over 25s", including Jeff Gutt, finished as the runner-up on this final season. On The X Factor USA, Rowland had more success and popularity as a judge than The X Factor UK. Later that month, Rowland performed as a supporting headlining act at the RiverFest 2013 in Little Rock, Arkansas. Rowland embarked on the Lights Out Tour, a co-headlining tour with The-Dream, to promote her fourth studio album Talk a Good Game. Formerly titled Year of the Woman, the album was released on June 18, 2013, in the US. It is Rowland's first release with Republic Records following Universal Music Group's decision to close Universal Motown and Universal Republic and reviving Motown Records and Republic Records. Talk a Good Game sold 68,000 copies in its first week and debuted at number four on the Billboard 200, becoming Rowland's third top-ten album in the US. The album's lead single "Kisses Down Low" was a moderate success on the US R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and was certified gold by RIAA for exceeded 500,000 copies sold. The second and final single was "Dirty Laundry". In December 2013, Rowland appeared in Beyoncé's "Grown Woman" music video and alongside Williams in Beyoncé's "Superpower" music video and provided backing vocals on the same track, taken from her self-titled fifth studio album. In February 2014, Rowland was featured on Joe's single "Love & Sex Part 2". In March 2014, she was named a spokesperson for cosmetic company Caress. During an interview with HuffPost Live on March 26, 2014, Rowland revealed that she has begun recording her fifth studio album and said the new music, which encompasses horns, drums, and flutes, was influenced by iconic female singers including Diana Ross. Rowland also announced in the interview that she left Republic Records, adding that she "just needed a fresh, new start." In June 2014, Rowland and Beyoncé were featured on Williams' single "Say Yes". The same month, her song "The Game" and its music video appeared on Pepsi's visual album for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, titled Beats of the Beautiful Game. On July 19, 2014, Rowland was featured on Adrian Marcel's song "Honey" from his mixtape Weak After Next and on Beau Vallis's song "Love Stand Still". Rowland also contributed background vocals to the song "You're My Star", the first single released from Tank's 2014 album Stronger. 2015–2020: The Voice Australia In August 2015, she was featured on Jacob Whitesides's single "I Know What You Did Last Summer". Rowland was part of the recurring cast of the second season of the television series Empire. She played Leah Walker, Lucious Lyon's mother, in flashbacks and starred in five episodes. She recorded a song for the show called "Mona Lisa" which was included in the EP Empire: Music from "Be True", released on October 21, 2015. On October 26, 2015, Rowland released a new song titled "Dumb" which is rumored to appear on her upcoming fifth album. Rowland's new record does not have a release date yet. Rowland, along with Missy Elliott, Kelly Clarkson, Zendaya, Janelle Monáe, Lea Michele, and Chloe x Halle were all featured on a charity single put together by US First Lady Michelle Obama. "This Is For My Girls" was written by Diane Warren and was released on March 15, 2016. The song was created to raise funds and awareness towards Obama's Let Girls Learn initiative – aimed at boosting education rates amongst adolescent girls around the world who are denied the right to an education. The iTunes-exclusive record was used to both coincide with Obama's Texan SXSW speech and to promote the "Let Girls Learn" initiative. The following month, Rowland hosted BET's documentary series Chasing Destiny, where she and choreographer/director Frank Gatson Jr. searched to find the next superstars for an all-female group. They eventually formed the girl group June's Diary. On December 24, 2016, it was announced that Rowland would replace Jessie J as a coach on the sixth season of The Voice Australia, which aired in early 2017. Rowland played the role of Margot Scotts in the television film Love By the 10th Date, which premiered on Lifetime on January 28, 2017. On April 11, 2017, Kelly released her first book named Whoa, Baby!: A Guide for New Moms Who Feel Overwhelmed and Freaked Out . On August 8, 2017, it was announced that Rowland was joining new judge Jennifer Hudson on the thirteenth season of The Voice US, who served as the winning coach on last season's The Voice UK. Hudson supported Rowland, a coach on the Australian version, as her advisor. In April 2018, Rowland reunited with Beyoncé Knowles and Michelle Williams during Knowles' headlining set at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. In the seventh season of The Voice Australia, she became the winning coach with two of her acts Sam Perry and Bella Paige became the top two, with Sam Perry as the winner and Bella Paige as the runner-up. In September 2018, BET announced that Rowland would star as Gladys Knight in the series American Soul. She released a new single, "Kelly" on November 22, 2018. In February 2019, American Soul premiered to positive reviews. On February 6, Rowland released a second single called "Crown" with the music video in partnership with Dove for the campaign #MyHairMyCrown. In May 2019, she featured on Ciara's song "Girl Gang" from the album Beauty Marks. On May 18, Rowland published an EP titled The Kelly Rowland Edition on streaming platforms. She also continued her work at The Voice Australia, starred in television series L.A.'s Finest, Robin Thede's HBO series A Black Lady Sketch Show, and the Christmas movie, Merry Liddle Christmas, produced by Rowland and her husband for Lifetime in December 2019. As part of the Christmas movie, Rowland released a song, "Love You More at Christmas Time" via her own record label, KTR Records. On April 17, 2020, Rowland released a single titled "Coffee" through KTR Records. On May 6, 2020, she announced her management deal with Roc Nation. This announcement meant Rowland's husband would no longer manage her. In the ninth season of The Voice Australia, she became the winning coach for the second time with her act Chris Sebastian as the winner. 2020–present: K and other works Rowland made a cameo in Beyoncé's Disney+ musical film Black Is King, which was released globally on July 31, 2020. She appeared in the movie Bad Hair, released on Hulu, in October 2020. Rowland recorded three songs for the movie's soundtrack. That same month, she released her second single of the year titled "Crazy" on KTR Records, along with an official lyric video. As part of the NFL's Songs of the Season campaign, Rowland released another single called "Hitman" in November 2020. An accompanying music video premiered on YouTube. Rowland continued acting, starring in Merry Liddle Christmas Wedding, Lifetime's first-ever holiday sequel to Merry Liddle Christmas, which aired at the end of the month. Rowland recorded a cover of "We Need a Little Christmas" to help promote the film, which she produced with her husband. To commemorate her fortieth birthday, Rowland released the dance-infused song "Black Magic" on February 12, 2021. Her sons, Titan and Noah, make an appearance in the supporting visual. On February 19, Rowland's EP, K, premiered on streaming platforms, alongside the music video for its opening track, "Flowers". In November 2021, Rowland released a cover of "Wonderful Time" to support her third holiday movie, Merry Liddle Christmas Baby, which aired that month on Lifetime. In November 2022, Rowland starred alongside Marsai Martin and Omari Hardwick in the Paramount+ film Fantasy Football. On February 26, 2023, Rowland performed at the Domain Dance Party for WorldPride Sydney 2023. On June 3, 2023, she headlined the English Mighty Hoopla music festival, held in London, sharing the top billing with English electro band Years & Years. Rowland starred in Tyler Perry's Netflix legal drama, Mea Culpa which was released on February 23, 2024. In 2025, it was announced Rowland would star alongside Method Man in the upcoming romantic comedy Relationship Goals. Personal life In December 2013, Rowland announced her engagement to Tim Weatherspoon during an appearance on The Queen Latifah Show. They began dating circa 2009, after first meeting and becoming friends in the early 2000s, when they were introduced by Rowland's Destiny's Child bandmate Michelle Williams. They were married in Costa Rica on May 9, 2014, and have two sons together, born in 2014 and 2021. In June 2020, Rowland revealed she had reconciled with her estranged father, Christopher Lovett. Artistry Musical style Rowland's voice is classified as a three-octave lyric mezzo-soprano, and her music includes various styles of musical genres such as contemporary R&B, pop, hip hop, soul, rock, and dance. Her debut solo album Simply Deep followed an adult-alternative rock sound, while her second album Ms. Kelly featured an R&B/Hip-Hop sound. In an interview with The Independent, Rowland admitted that with her first two albums, she struggled to find her sound. "I was in a stage with the first two records where I was searching, and I was like, let me try a rock-dance approach, the label [and management] wanted me to try it, and I did it ... And then after that came a more urban approach with Ms. Kelly in 2007." Her third album Here I Am consisted of a pop and R&B sound, with subtle influences of dance. Rowland stated that meeting David Guetta had influenced her to record dance music. During production of the album, Rowland stated that part of the reason for the new sound on Here I Am was wanting to do something different, saying "I knew I couldn't be afraid of this direction, and I wasn't going to let the thoughts and opinions of others make me afraid to go in this direction". Most of the lyrical themes in Simply Deep speak of love and life experiences, particularly in the songs "Dilemma", in which Rowland expresses her endless love to her love interest, and "Stole", in which she sings about an emotional "tale of school shootings and suicides". In Ms. Kelly , Rowland covers topics such as her "deeply personal relationship issues" in her songs, "Still in Love with My Ex", "Flashback", "Love", "Better Without You" and "Gotsta Go ". Alex Macpherson of The Guardian noted that the songs could be about Rowland's former relationship with American football player Roy Williams. Here I Am included common themes of womanhood, sexual intimacy, and love. Some of Rowland's other songs such as "Work", "I'm Dat Chick" and "Work It Man" have been musically compared to the work of former Destiny's Child bandmate Beyoncé. Influences Rowland has cited Whitney Houston and Janet Jackson as her biggest musical influences. She stated that Houston "was the woman that inspired me to sing." Rowland is also inspired by Sade Adu and says that "she has a style that's totally her own." Other inspirations include: Martin Luther King Jr.; Mariah Carey; Mary J. Blige; Naomi Campbell; and Oprah Winfrey, whom she describes as "the female version of God." Rowland has discussed how living in Miami has influenced her style, growth, and music. From a fashion perspective, Rowland credits Halle Berry, Jennifer Lopez, Beyoncé, Oprah, and her grandmother as her style icons. Rowland cited Whitney Houston, Beyoncé, and Brandy as vocal inspirations for her second solo album Ms. Kelly, "I love how different they are. I love how they take themselves to the next level". Her third solo album Here I Am was inspired by Donna Summer and Diana Ross, as well as dance producer will.i.am. Rowland's fourth solo album Talk a Good Game was also inspired by Houston, Marvin Gaye, and Stevie Wonder. Public image Rowland stated that there was a time in her life when she struggled with being dark-skinned. In October 2007, Rowland underwent plastic surgery to receive breast implants. She stated, "I simply went from an A-cup to a B-cup" and that "the decision was 10 years in the making". In 2012, Rowland ranked at number 61 on Complex magazine's list of "The 100 Hottest Female Singers of All Time" and was recognized as one of the best-dressed women by Glamour UK. In April 2013, Rowland ranked seventh on People's Most Beautiful in the World list. On September 5, 2023, Rowland received the Fashion Icon of the Year Award at the 2023 Harlem's Fashion Row Show and Style Awards in New York City. Other ventures Film and television career Rowland branched out into acting with a guest stint on the sitcom The Hughleys in 2002, before appearing in other UPN shows such as Eve and Girlfriends in the years of 2003 and 2006 respectively. Having played the role of Tammy Hamilton, an ambitious 21-year-old apprentice to realtor Toni in the latter sitcom, Rowland initially hoped her three-episode stint would expand to a larger recurring role, but as the show was moved to The CW network the following year plans for a return eventually went nowhere. Also, in 2003, she appeared in American Dreams as Martha Reeves of Martha & The Vandellas, singing a version of the group's single "Nowhere to Run". In 2002, Rowland was cast for her big-screen debut in the slasher film Freddy vs. Jason, a crossover film directed by Ronny Yu. Cast as one of the female leads, she portrayed Kia Waterson, the frank best-friend of lead character Lori Campbell, played by Monica Keena. Released to generally mixed reviews from critics, Freddy vs. Jason topped the U.S. box office, gaining $36.4 million on its first weekend. Budgeted at $25 million, Freddy vs. Jason was released in theaters on August 15, 2003, and became a financial success, resulting in a worldwide box office total of $114.3 million. The following year, Rowland returned to the big screen, this time for a lead role in the romantic comedy The Seat Filler, starring opposite Duane Martin and Shemar Moore. Executive produced by Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith, the film hit theaters in the summer of 2005 and debuted at number eighteen at the box office top twenty. It eventually earned a total domestic gross ticket sales of $10.2 million. In the film, for which she recorded two songs, Rowland played a pop star who falls for an awards-show seat filler in which she mistakes for a high-profile entertainment attorney. Released to a limited number of festivals only, The Seat Filler went straight to DVD in 2006. In October 2007, Rowland auditioned for the role of Louise, Carrie Bradshaw's assistant, in the 2008 film adaptation of HBO's comedy series Sex and the City. The part eventually went to Jennifer Hudson. In fall 2007, Rowland appeared as a choirmaster on the NBC reality show Clash of the Choirs. Rowland was among superstars like Michael Bolton, Patti LaBelle, Nick Lachey, and Blake Shelton. Rowland's choir finished fifth in the competition. In 2009, she was cast to host Bravo's reality competition-series The Fashion Show alongside Isaac Mizrahi. The series premiered on May 7, 2009. On May 30, 2011, Rowland was confirmed as a judge for the eighth series of the British television show The X Factor to replace Dannii Minogue. In addition to her judging stint, Rowland also had a supporting role in the motion picture Think Like a Man , which also starred Keri Hilson, Chris Brown, and Gabrielle Union. On April 30, 2012, it was officially announced that Rowland had departed The X Factor UK, due to a conflicting schedule. She was replaced by former judge of The X Factor USA, Nicole Scherzinger. Rowland was awarded Ultimate TV Personality at the 2011 Cosmopolitan Ultimate Women of the Year Awards, and TV Personality of the Year at the 2012 Glamour Women of the Years Awards, for her role on the show. In August 2012, Rowland became a dance master alongside Jason Derülo, for the first season of the Australian dance talent show Everybody Dance Now. However, on August 21, 2012, the show was canceled due to poor ratings. Philanthropy Rowland and the Knowles family founded the Survivor Foundation, a charitable entity set up to provide transitional housing for 2005 Hurricane Katrina victims and storm evacuees in the Houston, Texas, area. The Survivor Foundation extended the philanthropic mission of the Knowles-Rowland Center for Youth, a multi-purpose community outreach facility in downtown Houston. Also, in 2005, Rowland and Knowles lent their voices to a collaboration with Kitten K. Sera, titled "All That I'm Lookin for". The song appeared on The Katrina CD album, whose proceeds went to the Recording Artists for Hope organization. In 2006, Rowland joined other artists such as Pink and Avril Lavigne in ads for so-called empowerment tags for the ALDO Fights AIDS campaign, which went on sale exclusively at ALDO stores and benefited the YouthAIDS initiative. In 2007, Rowland, along with stars such as Jessica Simpson and the cast of Grey's Anatomy autographed pink Goody Ouchless brushes that were made available for auction on eBay, with all proceeds going to Breast Cancer Awareness. Also, the singer teamed up with Kanye West, Nelly Furtado, and Snoop Dogg to design a Nike sneaker for another eBay auction. All proceeds went to AIDS Awareness. In 2008, Rowland officially became an ambassador for MTV's Staying Alive Foundation, which aims to reduce discrimination against people with HIV and AIDS. She has since visited projects in Tanzania and Kenya to promote the charity, and underwent a HIV and AIDS test in Africa to raise awareness of the deadly diseases. In March 2009, she spearheaded a bone marrow drive. As reported, Rowland also is readying a new charity called I Heart My Girlfriends, which will serve as an interactive support system for teenage girls. In 2009, Rowland connected with Serve.MTV.com, MTV's platform to connect young people with local volunteerism opportunities, for a series of on-air PSAs. From battling homelessness to beautifying impoverished neighborhoods to saving whales, Rowland was joined by the likes of Cameron Diaz, will.i.am, and Sean Kingston as they discuss causes they volunteer to support and urge young people to join with their friends in making civil service a part of their lifestyle. Also, in 2009, Rowland, along with fellow singers Alesha Dixon and Pixie Lott, created T-shirts for River Island in aid of The Prince's Trust, profits from which help change young lives. In March 2010, Rowland launched her brand new charity, I Heart My Girlfriends. According to Rowland's official website, the charity focuses on self-esteem, date violence prevention, community service, abstinence, sports, drug and alcohol and smoking avoidance, obesity, disabilities, education, and more. On April 26, 2010, she was at Grand Ballroom's "City of Hope – Spirit of Life Awards" for a charity event. Awards and achievements As a solo artist, Rowland has sold more than 40 million records worldwide. She has attained number-one singles on several charts in the United States, including one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and three on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart. Internationally, she has achieved nine top-ten singles in the United Kingdom, including two number-ones and one UK R&B number-one, and in Australia, she has released six top-twenty singles. With her works, she has earned over 47 international sales certifications to date. Rowland has won 19 awards from 54 nominations and a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame as a Destiny's Child member. She has won four Grammy Awards from 17 nominations and has been honored by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and Essence magazine for her contributions to music. In 2003, Rowland received eight nominations and won five for the single "Dilemma" for international awards. With "Dilemma", Rowland became the first Destiny's Child member to achieve a Billboard Hot 100 and a worldwide number-one single, and to win a Grammy Award as a solo artist. "Dilemma" was ranked fifth on The 40 Biggest Duets Of All Time of Billboard, and has been a merengue version of the song in Spanish done by Papi Sanchez, under the title "Dilema". The song was the 22nd best-selling single of the 2000 decade in the UK and appeared on the game Karaoke Revolution Presents: American Idol. Rowland's second worldwide hit "When Love Takes Over" received ten international nominations and won two awards. The single's Electro Extended Mix won a Grammy Awards in "Best Non-Classical, Remixed Recording" category. Other Rowland songs that have been nominated or awarded are "Commander" and "Motivation". Entertainment Weekly named "Commander" the number-one summer jam of 2010 and it was named by Fitness Magazine as one of "The Top 100 Workout Songs of 2010". Rowland was awarded Ultimate TV Personality at the 2011 Cosmopolitan Ultimate Women of the Year Awards, and TV Personality of the Year at the 2012 Glamour Women of the Year Awards. In 2012, Rowland was named one of Glamour's Best Dressed Women in entertainment. In 2020, Rowland was awarded an NAACP Image Award for her guest performance in the television series American Soul as Gladys Knight. Discography Filmography Model and testimonial Testimonial for McDonald's Testimonial for Walmart Testimonial for Empress Creator of a line of wristwatches with "TW Steel" Model for Jaguar Cars Testimonial for Mercedes-Benz Model for Caress Testimonial and creator of a glasses line for Smoke + Mirrors Testimonial and designer of a gym dress line for Fabletics Campaign #MyHairMyCrown with the music video of "Crown" for Dove Testimonial and model for a JustFab capsule collection Campaign for Oral-B Testimonial #BlackMaternalHealth for BabyDove Testimonial for Black Beauty is Beauty campaign for Sephora Testimonial #EmbraceYOU campaign for Vaseline Testimonial #Silk Testimonial #Airborne Testimonial #FamilyGuard Books Whoa, Baby!: A Guide for New Moms Who Feel Overwhelmed and Freaked Out Always With You, Always With Me Tours Headlining 2003: Simply Deeper Tour 2007: Ms. Kelly Tour 2013: Lights Out Tour Supporting 2010: Supafest 2011: F.A.M.E. Tour 2012: Supafest 2017: RNB Fridays Live 2023: Fridays Live

=== Kendrick Lamar ===
Kendrick Lamar Duckworth is an American rapper. Regarded as one of the greatest rappers of all time, he was awarded the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Music, becoming the first musician outside of the classical and jazz genres to receive the honor. Born in Compton, California, Lamar began releasing music under the stage name K.Dot while attending high school. He signed with Top Dawg Entertainment in 2005, and co-founded the hip hop supergroup Black Hippy there. Following the 2011 release of his alternative rap debut album Section.80, Lamar secured a joint contract with Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. He rose to prominence with his gangsta rap-influenced second album Good Kid, M.A.A.D City , which became the longest-charting hip hop studio album in Billboard 200 history; Rolling Stone named it the greatest concept album of all time. In 2015, Lamar scored his first Billboard Hot 100 number-one single, after featuring on the remix of Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood", and released his third album, To Pimp a Butterfly, which infused hip-hop with historical African-American music genres such as jazz, funk, and soul, and became his first of six consecutive number-one albums on the Billboard 200 chart. Lamar's critical and commercial success continued with his R&B and pop-leaning fourth album Damn , yielding his second US number-one single, "Humble". He curated original songs for the soundtrack of the 2018 film Black Panther, earning a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Song for the US top-ten single "All the Stars". His Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers double album concluded his tenure with TDE and Aftermath. His 2024 feud with Drake spawned the US number-ones "Like That" and "Not Like Us", with the latter winning a joint-record five Grammy Awards, including Song of the Year and Record of the Year. His sixth album, GNX , produced the US number-one singles "Squabble Up" and "Luther". Lamar has received various accolades, including 22 Grammy Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award, a Brit Award, 4 American Music Awards, 7 Billboard Music Awards, 11 MTV Video Music Awards , and a record 37 BET Hip Hop Awards. Time listed him as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016. Three of his works were included in Rolling Stone's 2020 revision of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. His Super Bowl LIX halftime show broke viewership records, with 133.5 million viewers domestically. Outside of music, Lamar co-founded the creative company PGLang and ventured into film with his longtime creative partner, Dave Free. Early life Kendrick Lamar Duckworth was born on June 17, 1987, in Compton, California. He is the first child of former gang hustler Kenneth "Kenny" Duckworth and hairdresser Paula Oliver. Both of his parents are African Americans from the South Side of Chicago. When they were teenagers, they relocated to Compton in 1984, due to his father's affiliation with the Gangster Disciples. Lamar was named after singer-songwriter Eddie Kendricks of the Temptations. He was an only child until the age of seven and was described as a loner by his mother. Eventually, his parents had his two younger brothers and younger sister, businesswoman Kayla Sawyer . His cousins include basketball player Nick Young and rapper Baby Keem. Lamar and his family lived in Section 8 housing, were reliant on welfare and food stamps, and experienced homelessness. Although he is not a member of a particular gang, he grew up with close affiliates of the Westside Pirus. Despite suffering hardships, Lamar remembered having "good memories" of his childhood that sparked his interest in hip hop music, such as sneaking into his parents' house parties. He was raised secular, although he occasionally attended church services and was taught the Bible by his grandmother. He felt "spiritually unsatisfied" as a child due to the "empty" and "one-sided" nature of the sermons. After hearing a recording of his voice for the first time, Lamar became interested in rapping. He was introduced to police brutality after experiencing the first day of the 1992 Los Angeles riots. When he was five years old, he witnessed a murder for the first time while sitting outside of his apartment unit, as a teenage drug dealer was killed in a drive-by shooting. "It done something to me right then and there," Lamar later admitted to NPR Music. "It let me know that this is not only something that I'm looking at, but it's something that maybe I have to get used to." His parents nicknamed him "Man-Man" due to his precocious behavior, although he confessed it "put a stigma on the idea of me reacting as a kid sometimes—I would hurt myself and they would expect me not to cry." In school, Lamar was a quiet and observant student who excelled academically and had a noticeable stutter. His first grade teacher at Robert E. McNair Elementary School encouraged him to become a writer after she heard him correctly use the word "audacity". As a seventh grade student at Vanguard Learning Center, Lamar was introduced to poetry by his English teacher, Regis Inge. Inge integrated the literary form into his curriculum as a response to the growing racial tensions amongst his students. Through its connection to hip hop, Lamar studied rhymes, metaphors and double entendres, which made him fall in love with songwriting: "You can put all your feelings down on a sheet of paper, and they'd make sense to you. I liked that." Instead of completing assignments for other classes, Lamar would scribe lyrics in his notebooks. His initial writing was entirely profane, but it helped him manage his psychological trauma and depression, which he struggled with during his adolescence. Inge played a vital role in his intellectual growth, often criticizing his lexicon and suggesting prompts to strengthen his prose. Lamar later attended Centennial High School. He was enrolled in summer school during the tenth grade, which he dreaded because it forced him to be embroiled in a gang war. Despite his efforts to avoid them, Lamar soon became heavily involved with Compton's hedonistic gang culture, which led to numerous health scares and encounters with the police. He distanced himself from the lifestyle following an intervention staged by his father. When he was 16, Lamar was baptized and converted to Christianity following the death of a friend. He graduated from high school in 2005 as a straight-A student. He considered studying psychology and astronomy in college, but suspended his academic pursuits to focus on his music career. Career 2003–2008: Beginnings During high school, Lamar adopted the stage name K.Dot and began freestyling and battle rapping at school. His performances caught the attention of fellow student Dave Free, who traveled from Inglewood to watch him rap. They quickly formed a friendship over their love of hip-hop and the television sitcom Martin. They recorded music together at Free's makeshift garage studio and at his older brother's Hyde Park apartment. Lamar's earliest performances were held at a "super hood" comedy club and behind a tattoo parlor. Free was his hype man during that time, while his older brother was his manager and disc jockey. Lamar recorded five mixtapes throughout the 2000s; his first, Youngest Head Nigga in Charge , was released on April 15, 2003, through Konkrete Jungle Musik. The mixtapes primarily consisted of freestyles over the production of popular hip-hop songs. In a series of retrospective reviews for Rolling Stone, Mosi Reeves complimented Lamar's "unerring" sense of rhythm and timing found in Hub City Threat: Minor of the Year, but criticized his "clumsy" lyricism and that his flow was "overly beholden to ... Jay-Z and Lil Wayne". Free, who was working as a computer technician, introduced the mixtape to record producer Anthony "Top Dawg" Tiffith while attempting to repair his computer. Tiffith was impressed with Lamar's burgeoning abilities and invited him to partake in an audition process for entry into his newly established independent record label, Top Dawg Entertainment . During his audition, Lamar freestyled for Tiffith and record executive Terrence "Punch" Henderson for two hours, a strategy that impressed Henderson but bewildered Tiffith. He was offered a recording contract by TDE in 2005, joining Jay Rock as the label's first signings. Upon signing, he purchased a minority stake in the label for an undisclosed amount. Lamar had a brief stint as a security guard when he started working on music with Jay Rock at TDE's in-house recording studio. The bond he formed with him, Ab-Soul and Schoolboy Q led to the formation of the hip-hop supergroup, Black Hippy. Lamar released his second mixtape, Training Day, on December 30, 2005. Reeves complemented its varied production and "well-executed" concept, which was based on the 2001 film. In 2006, Lamar signed an artist development deal with Def Jam Recordings and was featured on two singles by the Game. He also heavily contributed to Jay Rock's first two mixtapes, Watts Finest Vol. 1 and Watts Finest Vol. 2: The Nickerson Files. Lamar was ultimately let go from Def Jam after an encounter with its president and chief executive officer, Jay-Z; he later described it as "one of those situations where I wasn't ready." Lamar and Jay Rock released a collaborative mixtape, title No Sleep 'til NYC, on December 24, 2007. Reeves thought the project was a "fun cypher session, nothing more, nothing less." 2009–2011: Overly Dedicated and Section.80 Lamar's third mixtape C4, released on January 30, 2009, is a tribute project to Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III and was supported by his co-sign. Reeves felt that the mixtape was a "wrongheaded homage to a year-old, well-worn album." From February to July, he toured with the Game on his LAX Tour as a hype man for Jay Rock. Lamar disliked how his stage name diverted attention away from his true identity, and decided to retire it. He opted to use his first and middle names professionally and regards the name change as part of his career growth. For his eponymous debut extended play , Lamar eschewed the creative process of his mixtapes in favor of a project heavily focused on his songwriting over "lovely yet doleful" production. Reeves described the EP as the "first standout project" of his career, praising its melancholic tone. He felt that the project restored his reputation following the sting of criticism he received over C4. After striking a music publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music, Lamar released his fourth mixtape, Overly Dedicated, on September 14, 2010. It was his first project to be purchased through digital retailers. Reeves described Overly Dedicated as a partial "victory lap" that marked a shift in his songwriting. The mixtape peaked at number 72 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Lamar served as Jay Rock's hype man for a second time during Tech N9ne's Independent Grind Tour, where Overly Dedicated was introduced to Dr. Dre. After watching the music video for the song "Ignorance Is Bliss" on YouTube, he reached out to Lamar with hopes of working with him and Snoop Dogg on his unfinished album, Detox. He also considered signing him to his record label, Aftermath Entertainment, and was encouraged to by artists such as J. Cole. Lamar entered a brief relationship with Nitty Scott, and was featured on XXL's 2011 Freshman Class list. He released his debut studio album, Section.80, on July 2, 2011, which was supported by its lead single "HiiiPower". The album explored conscious and alternative hip-hop styles and experimented with "stripped-down" jazz production. Ogden Payne of Forbes considers it to be "the genesis to [Lamar] successfully balancing social commentary with mass appeal." Section.80 marked Lamar's first appearance on the Billboard 200 chart, where it peaked at number 113. It sold approximately 5,000 copies in its first week of tracking, with minimal coverage from mainstream media outlets. To promote the album, Lamar performed at small venues and college campuses across the U.S. He was dubbed the "New King of the West Coast" by Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre and the Game during a performance in West Los Angeles. Throughout the year, he appeared on the Game's The R.E.D. Album, Tech N9ne's All 6's and 7's, 9th Wonder's The Wonder Years, and Drake's Take Care. 2012–2013: Good Kid, M.A.A.D City Lamar began planning his second album before Section.80 was releases. From February to April 2012, he opened for Drake on his Club Paradise Tour. He began working with J. Cole on a collaborative album around that time. On February 14, Lamar would release the song "Cartoon & Cereal" for digital download, a track that features Gunplay. On March 8, The Fader reported that Lamar had signed a joint venture recording contract with Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records; under the deal, TDE continued to serve as his primary label. His first commercial single, "The Recipe" featuring Dr. Dre, premiered on rhythmic crossover radio on April 2. Good Kid, M.A.A.D City, Lamar's second album and first under a major record label, was released on October 22, 2012. He worked with producers such as Pharrell Williams, Hit-Boy, Scoop DeVille, Jack Splash, and T-Minus to create an atmospheric West Coast hip-hop album with heavy gangsta rap influences. Its lead single, "Swimming Pools ", marked Lamar's first top 20 single on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. Its other singles, "Backseat Freestyle", "Poetic Justice", and "Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe", enjoyed moderate commercial success. Good Kid, M.A.A.D City was met with widespread critical acclaim, who lauded Lamar's nonlinear songwriting and thematic scope. Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune applauded him for giving gangsta tropes a "twist, or sometimes upend[ing] them completely" on a record that "brims with comedy, complexity and the many voices in [Lamar's] head." The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with 242,000 copies sold; the highest first-week album sales of the year by a male rapper. Good Kid, M.A.A.D City surpassed The Eminem Show to become the longest-charting hip-hop studio album on the Billboard 200. In October 2022, it became the first hip-hop studio album to spend over ten consecutive years on the chart. From September to October 2012, Lamar headlined the BET Music Matters Tour with Black Hippy and Stalley. He won Lyricist of the Year at the BET Hip Hop Awards, and was featured on ASAP Rocky's single "Fuckin' Problems" alongside Drake and 2 Chainz, which reached the top 10 in the U.S. Lamar embarked on two headlining concert tours in 2013: a national college tour with Steve Aoki and his first international tour. He struggled with depression, survivor's guilt and suicidal ideation during promotional events upon learning of the deaths of three close friends. From October to December 2013, Lamar opened for Kanye West on his Yeezus Tour, despite disapproval from his label and management team. He was baptized for a second time during the beginning of the tour, and experienced a nervous breakdown near the end. Lamar won three awards each during the BET Awards and BET Hip Hop Awards, including Best New Artist at the former. Lamar was featured on six songs throughout the year: "YOLO" by the Lonely Island featuring Adam Levine, the remix of "How Many Drinks?" by Miguel, "Collard Greens" by Schoolboy Q, "Control" with Big Sean and Jay Electronica, "Give It 2 U" by Robin Thicke featuring 2 Chainz, and "Love Game" by Eminem. His performance on "Control" was described as a "wake up call" for the hip-hop industry and commenced his decade-long feud with Drake. Rolling Stone noted that his verse made the track one of the most important hip-hop songs of the last decade. Lamar was named Rapper of the Year by GQ during their annual Men of the Year edition. Following the issue's release, Tiffith pulled him from performing at GQ's accompanying party and accused Steve Marsh's profile on him of containing "racial overtones". 2014–2016: To Pimp a Butterfly and Untitled Unmastered After his opening stint for the Yeezus Tour ended, Lamar began work on his third album. He earned seven nominations at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards , including Best New Artist, Best Rap Album, and Album of the Year for Good Kid, M.A.A.D City. He was winless at the ceremony, which several media outlets felt was a snub. Macklemore, who won Best New Artist and Best Rap Album, shared a text message that he sent Lamar after the ceremony ended, in which he apologized for winning over him. The incident was the subject of widespread media attention, controversy and Internet memes. During the awards ceremony, Lamar performed a mashup of "M.A.A.D City" and "Radioactive" with rock band Imagine Dragons, which was met with critical acclaim. Lamar opened for Eminem on the Rapture Tour from February to July 2014. On August 9, he premiered the short film M.A.A.D, which he starred in, commissioned and produced, during the Sundance Institute's Next Fest. He released "I" as the lead single to his third album, To Pimp a Butterfly, on September 23, which won Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards. His performance of "I" during his appearance as a musical guest on Saturday Night Live was lauded by contemporary critics. Lamar was featured on three songs in 2014: "It's On Again" by Alicia Keys, "Babylon" by SZA, and "Never Catch Me" by Flying Lotus. He won Lyricist of the Year for the second consecutive time at the BET Hip Hop Awards. Originally scheduled to arrive at a later date, To Pimp a Butterfly was released on March 15, 2015. The album incorporated various genres synonymous with African American music, such as jazz, funk, and soul. To capture its essence, Lamar recruited producers such as Sounwave, Pharrell Williams, Terrace Martin, and Thundercat. Whitney Alford, Lamar's fianceé, contributed background vocals on select tracks. Other singles from the album were "The Blacker the Berry", "King Kunta", "Alright", and "These Walls"–all of which enjoyed moderate commercial success. Selling 324,000 copies in its first week, To Pimp a Butterfly became Lamar's first number-one album on the Billboard 200 and the UK Albums Chart. Billboard commented that "twenty years ago, a conscious rap record wouldn't have penetrated the mainstream in the way [Lamar] did with To Pimp a Butterfly. His sense of timing is impeccable. In the midst of rampant cases of police brutality and racial tension across America, he spews raw, aggressive bard while possible cutting a rug." Pitchfork opined that the album "forced critics to think deeply about music." He earned his first number-one single in the U.S. through the remix of singer-songwriter Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood". It won Video of the Year and Best Collaboration at the MTV Video Music Awards, while the music video for "Alright" won Best Direction. Lamar later re-recorded his featured appearance on the "Bad Blood" remix in support of Swift's counteraction to her masters dispute. He opened the BET Awards with a controversial performance of "Alright" and won Best Male Hip Hop Artist. He also won three awards at the BET Hip Hop Awards. In support of To Pimp a Butterfly, Lamar embarked on the Kunta's Groove Sessions Tour, which ran from October to November 2015 in select intimate venues across the U.S. For his work on the album and other collaborations throughout the year, Lamar earned 11 nominations at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards, the most by a rapper in a single night. He led the winners with five awards: To Pimp a Butterfly was named Best Rap Album, "Alright" won Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song, "These Walls" won Best Rap/Sung Performance, and "Bad Blood" won Best Music Video. During the ceremony, Lamar performed a critically acclaimed medley of "The Blacker the Berry", "Alright", and an untitled song. He previously performed untitled songs on The Colbert Report and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon . After receiving a request from basketball player LeBron James to share the untitled works, Lamar released his first compilation album, Untitled Unmastered, on March 4, 2016. It contained eight untitled, dated, unfinished, and entirely self-written tracks that were intended to be included on To Pimp a Butterfly, and continued the album's exploration of jazz, funk, soul, and avant-garde styles. Untitled Unmastered received critical acclaim and debuted atop the Billboard 200 with 178,000 album-equivalent units, becoming Lamar's second consecutive number-one project. Throughout the year, he was featured on four commercially successful songs: Beyoncé's "Freedom", Maroon 5's "Don't Wanna Know", the Weeknd's "Sidewalks", and Travis Scott's "Goosebumps". 2017–2019: Damn and Black Panther: The Album On March 1, 2017, during a cover story for T, Lamar confirmed that he was working on his fourth album, Damn. He released the promotional single "The Heart Part 4" on March 23, before releasing the album's lead single "Humble" on March 30. The song debuted at number two on the Hot 100 and reached the top spot in its second week of charting. It is Lamar's second single, and first as a lead artist, to top the chart. Damn was released on April 14. It utilized a more mainstream musical palette than To Pimp a Butterfly, exploring R&B and pop elements. Rolling Stone described its sonics as a "brilliant combination of the timeless and the modern, the old school and the next-level." Damn became Lamar's most commercially successful album. It spent four non-consecutive weeks atop the Billboard 200, marking his third consecutive number-one album, and debuted with 603,000 units sold. All of the album's 14 songs debuted on the Hot 100, including the top-20 singles "Loyalty" and "Love". Damn was the seventh best-selling album of 2017, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , while "Humble" was the sixth best-selling single of the year. By June 2018, it became the first album by a rapper or solo artist to have every song featured earn a gold certification or higher from the Recording Industry Association of America. To support Damn, Lamar embarked on his first headlining arena tour, the Damn Tour, from July 2017 to July 2018. It grossed $62.7 million in worldwide revenue, becoming one of the highest-grossing hip-hop tours in history. At the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, Lamar opened the ceremony with a performance of "DNA" and "Humble". He later won five awards, including Best Hip Hop Video, Best Direction, and Video of the Year for "Humble"; the latter win marked the first time an artist won the prize for a video they co-directed. Throughout the year, he was featured on the remix to Future's "Mask Off", SZA's "Doves in the Wind", and Rich the Kid's "New Freezer". He won Best Male Hip Hop Artist at the BET Awards, while Damn won Favorite Rap/Hip Hop Album at the American Music Awards. A collector's edition of the album, which featured its tracklist in reverse order, was released in December. On January 4, 2018, Lamar announced that he would be curating and executive producing Black Panther: The Album, the soundtrack from the 2018 film. It was released on February 9 and was supported with three commercially successful singles: "All the Stars", "King's Dead", and "Pray for Me". Lamar contributed lead and background vocals to every track on the album, regardless of credit, and produced on select songs. Music critics consider Black Panther: The Album to be a milestone achievement, giving praise towards its lyrics and cultural significance. It spent two consecutive weeks atop the Billboard 200, and earned the most single-week streams for a soundtrack album in history. Lamar opened the 60th Annual Grammy Awards with a critically acclaimed medley. He won five awards during the ceremony: Damn was named Best Rap Album, "Humble" won Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, and Best Music Video and "Loyalty" won Best Rap/Sung Performance. Damn won the Pulitzer Prize for Music on April 16, 2018, marking the first time a musical composition outside of the classical and jazz genres received the honor. From May to June 2018, Lamar co-headlined the Championship Tour with several TDE artists. While on tour, he became embroiled in a public dispute with Spotify regarding the streaming service's Hate Content & Hateful Conduct policy. Lamar was featured on five songs throughout the year: "Dedication" by Nipsey Hussle, "Mona Lisa" by Lil Wayne, "Tints" by Anderson .Paak, and "Wow Freestyle" by Jay Rock; he also executive produced the latter's album Redemption and provided background vocals for the album's second single "Win." At the American Music Awards, Black Panther: The Album won Favorite Rap/Hip-Hop Album. Lamar made his acting debut as a drug addict in the crime drama series Power . After his two concert tours ended, he entered a four-year recording hiatus; although he contributed to Beyoncé's The Lion King: The Gift, Schoolboy Q's Crash Talk, and Sir's Chasing Summer . As his publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music was beginning to expire, Lamar signed a long-term worldwide deal with Broadcast Music, Inc. 2020–2023: Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers On March 5, 2020, Lamar and Dave Free launched the creative entity PGLang, which was described at the time as a multilingual, artist-friendly service company. In October, he signed a worldwide administration agreement with Universal Music Publishing Group. Lamar announced through an August 2021 blog post that he was in the process of producing his final album under TDE, confirming rumors that emerged the year before that he would be leaving to focus on PGLang. The following week, he appeared on Baby Keem's single "Family Ties", which won Best Rap Performance at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. Lamar made additional contributions to Keem's album The Melodic Blue by providing background vocals and appearing on the song "Range Brothers". In November, he held a "theatrical exhibition of his musical eras" during his second headlining performance at Day N Vegas, and featured on Terrace Martin's album Drones. He co-headlined the Super Bowl LVI halftime show alongside Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, 50 Cent, and Mary J. Blige on February 13, 2022, which won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Special . After releasing the promotional single "The Heart Part 5", Lamar's fifth album, Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers, was released on May 13, 2022. The double album drew on jazz, R&B, trap, and soul influences; Alford served as its primary narrator. It was widely acclaimed by critics, who applauded Lamar's vulnerable songwriting and scope. Every track from the album charted on the Hot 100; its three singles–"N95", "Silent Hill", and "Die Hard"–debuted in the top-10. Selling 295,000 units in its first week, Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers became Lamar's fourth consecutive number-one album on the Billboard 200. It later became the first hip-hop album of the year to reach one billion streams on Spotify. In support of Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers, Lamar embarked on the Big Steppers Tour, which ran from July 2022 to March 2024. The tour grossed $110.9 million in worldwide revenue, becoming the highest-grossing rap tour ever at the time. Lamar wrote, co-directed, and executive produced the short film adaptation of the song "We Cry Together", which was released worldwide in September 2022. An accompanying concert film for the tour, Kendrick Lamar Live: The Big Steppers Tour, was released in November. Lamar won Favorite Male Hip Hop Artist at the American Music Awards, and Favorite Hip Hop Album for Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers. He received six awards at the BET Hip Hop Awards, including Album of the Year. During the 65th Annual Grammy Awards, Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers was named Best Rap Album, while "The Heart Part 5" won Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song. In May 2023, Lamar was featured on the standalone version of Beyoncé's single "America Has a Problem" and appeared on Baby Keem's single "The Hillbillies". He won four awards at the BET Hip Hop Awards, and set four records in the process. Lamar was featured in the documentary concert film Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé and executive produced Baby Keem's short film adaptation of The Melodic Blue. He quietly shed his ties with Aftermath Entertainment and signed a new direct licensing agreement with Interscope. 2024–present: Feud with Drake, GNX, Grammy wins and Super Bowl LIX halftime show Lamar's conflict with Drake re-escalated in March 2024 with his surprise appearance on Future and Metro Boomin's track "Like That". The song spent three consecutive weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Lamar's third number-one single and his first song to debut at the top spot. From April to May, he released the Drake-aimed diss singles "Euphoria", "6:16 in LA", "Meet the Grahams", and "Not Like Us"; all of which were either positively received or acclaimed by critics. The latter installment marked the first rap song to lead the Hot 100 with a limited tracking week. A celebratory one-off concert, titled The Pop Out: Ken & Friends, was held on Juneteenth. "Not Like Us" went on to win five awards at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards on February 2, 2025: "Record of the Year", "Song of the Year", "Best Rap Performance", "Best Rap Song" and "Best Music Video". Lamar released "Watch the Party Die" to his Instagram account in September. On November 22, he shared a song titled "GNX", exclusively on YouTube, followed with a surprise release of the album of the same name on streaming the same day. On December 17, he released a song called "Money Without Me" on YouTube, rumored to be from Section.80 sessions. In December, he had a guest appearance on SZA's Lana, the deluxe reissue to SOS . Billboard listed Lamar as the greatest pop star of 2024, highlighting his "new releases or revelations that captured headlines and captivated the culture". Outside of music, Lamar starred in the animated biographical film Piece by Piece . On February 9, 2025, Lamar performed at the Super Bowl LIX halftime show. His show also featured cameos and musical performances from SZA, Samuel L. Jackson, Serena Williams, and Mustard. His halftime show broke viewership records, becoming the most-watched Super Bowl performance of all time with 133.5 million viewers, surpassing for the first time Michael Jackson's 1993 Super Bowl XXVII halftime show. He signed on to produce a comedy feature with Free, Trey Parker and Matt Stone for Paramount Pictures, which is slated to be released on July 4, 2025. On February 17, Lamar became the ninth overall artist and first rapper ever to reach over 100 million monthly listeners on Spotify. He further became the first rapper to have three top-10 albums in the US simultaneously. On March 14, 2025, Lamar was featured thrice on the album Music by Playboi Carti, appearing on the tracks "Backd00r", "Good Credit", and "Mojo Jojo". Personal life Lamar began dating his fiancée Whitney Alford when they were in high school. Lamar announced his engagement to Alford in April 2015. They welcomed their first child, Uzi, on July 26, 2019. The couple used the cover art for Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers to announce the birth of their second son, Enoch, in 2022. Lamar is a teetotaler and lives a drug-free lifestyle. In an October 2012 interview, he stated that he once tried marijuana, but the blunt had been laced with PCP, and he has not used any drugs since. In an interview with Starz, Lamar stated he asked to play a drug abuser on the TV series Power, saying: "[Laces] is just a character that I know. I know so well, just growing up in Compton. You grow this type of love for them, you know, in this weird kind of way. You know, you don't want to see nothing happen to them, but you know he's dangerous." Artistry Influences Tupac Shakur is Lamar's biggest influence, having impacted both his professional and personal lives. One of his earliest childhood memories is watching him and Dr. Dre film the second music video for their single "California Love" with his father at the Compton Swap Meet. Lamar has described himself as an "offspring" of Shakur's artistry and sociopolitical views. Although some publications have regarded him as the Shakur of his generation, he has strived to maintain his individuality. Shakur's The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory , The Notorious B.I.G.'s Life After Death , and DMX's It's Dark and Hell is Hot influenced Lamar's artistic direction: "I don't look at these albums like just music; it sounds like an actual film." He also listened and took influence from Mos Def and Snoop Dogg during his childhood, and said, "I wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for Eazy-E." 50 Cent's mixtape success inspired Lamar to become an independent artist, while his view on being categorized as a conscious rapper, "Yeah, I'm a conscious artist because I have a conscience", gave him a sense of perspective. Prodigy of Mobb Deep was a key influence on Lamar's earlier mixtapes, while his rapping technique was stemmed from Lil Wayne and his longevity. Eminem and his album The Marshall Mathers LP introduced him to songwriting elements, such as ad-libs, and impacted his aggressive approach to records such as "Backseat Freestyle". He took inspiration from N.W.A's tenacity of representing his hometown with "courage, honesty and artistic brilliance". Various R&B and soul artists, including Marvin Gaye, the Isley Brothers, Michael Jackson, Teddy Pendergrass, Sade, and Anita Baker, have influenced Lamar. He performed with Prince, who impacted his vocal register, at Paisley Park to celebrate the release of the latter's 2014 albums Plectrumelectrum and Art Official Age, which GQ described as "five minutes of brilliant insanity". To Pimp a Butterfly was influenced by the works of jazz trumpeter Miles Davis and funk collective Parliament-Funkadelic. Musical style The nature of Lamar's musical style has been described as "anti-flamboyant, interior and complex." He is rooted in West Coast hip hop, and has continually reinvented his sound by branching out into other genres. Due to his contributions to its audience growth, through his appeal to mainstream listeners, music critics generally categorize Lamar as a progressive rap artist. He suggests that his music is genreless, explaining in a 2012 interview, "You really can't categorize my music, it's human music." PopDust opined that during the 2010s, a decade that was arguably defined by hip hop, Lamar constantly pushed the boundaries of what the genre could be. Lamar did not care for music production during the beginning of his career. However, as he placed an emphasis on songwriting and "making material that's universal", he grew more exacting and adventurous with his compositions. He is heavily involved with every aspect of his production process, including the mixing and mastering stages, and is known for working long hours in the recording studio. "You gotta be hands on and know the different sounds and frequencies," Lamar explained to Variety. "What makes people move, what melodies stick with you, taking the higher octaves and the lower octaves and learning how to intertwine that in a certain frequency, how to manipulate sound to your advantage." Lamar chooses to work with a close-knit team of musicians, rather than constantly seek high-profile talent. He has been working with his longtime producer, Sounwave, since his 2009 self-titled EP. Kendrick Lamar marked a pivotal change in Lamar's artistry. Unlike his earlier mixtapes, which consisted of freestyles over CHR and urban radio singles, the EP incorporated melancholic and "doleful" original production that emphasized his lyrics. Austere jazz production was blended with alternative rap styles on Section.80, with instrumentals drawing from R&B, boom bap, psychedelia, and downtempo. Good Kid, M.A.A.D City abandoned the tastes of contemporary hip hop by exploring a subtle, atmospheric side of West Coast hip hop and gangsta rap. To Pimp a Butterfly is an amalgamation of genres synonymous with African-American music, most prominently jazz, funk, and soul. It redefined jazz rap by highlighting improvisation and soloing rather than primarily using sampling. Minimalist arrangements are incorporated in Damn and Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers. Damn appealed to mainstream listeners through its pop and R&B-influenced production, while the scattered and distorted instrumentals of Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers was designed to make listeners feel anxious and uncomfortable. GNX was an homage to the West Coast, with g-funk synths, West Coast-inspired beats and flows, and features from various underground Los Angeles rappers such as Hitta J3, YoungThreat, Peysoh, Lefty Gunplay, Wallie the Sensei, and Siete7x. Voice Several media outlets consider Lamar to be the greatest and most important rapper of his generation. Billboard, Forbes and Vibe named him the second-greatest rapper of all time, behind Jay-Z. Described as a "blazing" technical rapper and "relentless searcher" by The New York Times, Lamar's "limber, dexterous" flow switches from derivative to generative metrics, while incorporating internal and multisyllabic rhyme schemes. His rhymes are typically manipulated within common time, allowing him to subtly control his metrical phonology and suggest formal ambiguities similar to pop and rock repertoires. Some of his rhyme manipulations feature "flexible" new school styles evoking the 1990s, while others use "rigid" old school elements recalling the 1980s. Lamar frequently uses syncopation in his melodies to create contradictions between his lyrical content and rhythms. With Good Kid, M.A.A.D City, he liberally plays with pronunciation, inflections, and delivery to mirror the album's emotional range. Lamar possesses a versatile tenor vocal range and a raspy, half-shout timbre, where "his throat sounds dry and his mouth sounds wet." André 3000 was the first rapper that introduced him to singing sensibilities in hip hop, and he writes melody-driven songs as practice for his albums. Lamar became comfortable with his vocals over time, to the point where he feels confident enough to create singing-based albums. Pitchfork noticed how his harmonies on To Pimp a Butterfly never made him sound alone throughout his "desolate" performance; comparing his vocal layering to "standing in the middle, unnoticed, of a large quarrelsome crowd." Praised for his willingness to use his voice as an instrument, Lamar adopts different cadences, tones, modulations, and timbres to suggest conflicting personalities, paint distinct emotions, and communicate stories using characters and personas. His falsetto register, which he calls the "ghetto falsetto", has been likened to Curtis Mayfield's. MTV writes that by manipulating his voice, Lamar calls back to a lineage that runs through James Brown's foundational work in the 1960s, 1970s psychedelia, Prince's "sweaty" phantasmagoria in the 1980s, and 1990s gangsta rap. He was ranked the tenth-best solo singer of the 21st century by The Times in 2023. Songwriting Branded as a "master of storytelling" by The New Yorker, Lamar has been referred to as one of the greatest lyricists in modern hip hop by several publications and his peers. Pharrell Williams suggests that what makes his songwriting stand out is because he "knows how to be very disciplined with a subject matter, he knows that stickiness is important, and he knows that it has to be great." American Songwriter notes that for as much as Lamar is a musician, lyricist, and emcee, he is also "a playwright, a novelist, a short story author. He's literary within the art form of music." Lamar's reflective narrative songwriting pulls from a wide range of literary and cinematic techniques, such as hip hop skits and voice-overs, to allow his audience to follow internal and external storylines. His fusion of various film styles and his sonic influence has elevated his works to be some of the most "consistently poignant" in hip hop, and promoted the advancement of the narrative device. Lamar, who self-identifies as a musician and writer, begins his songwriting process with an assortment of premeditated thoughts that he jotted down over the course of one year. His personal experiences are a common source of inspiration, but he also pulls ideas from meeting new people, traveling, and experiencing different cultures. A devout Christian, he additionally shares his spiritual triumphs and struggles on his songs. He is an avid note-taker, and has developed keywords, phrases, and sounds to help him "trigger the exact emotions" he felt when writing the initial demo. Considered to be a "radio-friendly but overtly political rapper" by Pitchfork, and a populist by The Wall Street Journal, Lamar's songwriting regularly infuses political criticism and social commentary concerning African-American culture. Common themes explored include racial inequality, institutional discrimination, and black empowerment. Lamar's critiques has been compared to the State of the Union Address by The Guardian, while Billboard described it as "Shakespearean". HuffPost opined that his work is a "great" piece of journalism because it "speaks from the prerogative of black communities facing oppression and directly attacks the institutions responsible for their pain," an achievement most reporters cannot attain. Lamar tries to carry a conceptual idea inside of his music, "whether it's a big concept or it's so subtle you can't even tell until you get to 20 listens." Fans and publications have theorized that his albums are related to different forms of mass media. Section.80 is regarded as a short story collection inspired and themed around events that impacted the millennial generation, such as Ronald Reagan's presidency. The nonlinear narrative structure of Good Kid, M.A.A.D City is billed as a coming-of-age short film that chronicles Lamar's harsh teenage experiences in his native Compton. Its cinematic scope has been compared to the screenplays written by filmmakers Martin Scorsese and Quentin Tarantino. To Pimp a Butterfly unfolds as both a poem and blank letter that explores the responsibilities of being a role model and documents life as an African American during Barack Obama's presidency. Damn is labeled as an introspective satire that explores the dualities of human nature and morality. Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers takes on the form of a theatrical play, with confessional lyrics based on Lamar's experiences in therapy. Legacy Insider Inc. and CNN editors have opined that Lamar is one of the most influential musicians of the 2010s decade, deeming him a paradigm shift in contemporary hip hop and popular culture. Throughout the Black Lives Matter movement and events following the 2016 U.S. presidential election, his work has been used as protest anthems. According to American studies and media scholar William Hoynes, Lamar's progressive elements places him amongst other African American artists and activists who "worked both inside and outside of the mainstream to advance a counterculture that opposes the racist stereotypes being propagated in white-owned media and culture." Matt Miller of Esquire opined that in recent years Lamar revived music videos as a form of social commentary. Lamar's music has consistently garnered critical acclaim, commercial success, as well as support from artists who have paved the way for his advancement. His Pulitzer Prize win was considered a sign of the American cultural elite formally recognizing hip hop as a "legitimate artistic medium". Senior artists such as Nas, Bruce Springsteen, Eminem, Dr. Dre, Prince, and Madonna have praised his musicianship. David Bowie's final album, Blackstar , was inspired by To Pimp a Butterfly, and its producer Tony Visconti praised Lamar as a "rulebreaker" in the music industry. Pharrell Williams called him "one of the greatest writers of our times" and likened him to Bob Dylan. Lamar has also been cited as a strong influence on the works of various modern artists, including BTS, Dua Lipa, Tyler, the Creator, Roddy Ricch, and Rosalía. Lorde regards him as "the most popular and influential artist in modern music." Public image Lamar maintains a low public profile, and is known to be reserved. He is reluctant to publicly discuss his personal life and generally avoids using social media. He is also decisive when engaging with mainstream media outlets, although journalists have complimented his "Zen-like" calmness and down to earth personality. According to Lamar, he has become "so invested in who I am outside of being famous, sometimes that's all I know. I've always been a person that really didn't dive too headfirst into wanting and needing attention. I mean, we all love attention, but for me, I don't necessarily adore it." His lyrics have been a topic of media scrutiny, leading to both praise and controversy. Lamar's public perception has also been influenced by the various rap feuds he has been involved with. Although some journalists declared him the winner of his highly publicized conflict with Drake, some felt that his victory was pyrrhic due to the severity of accusations introduced and the spread of online misinformation. Following the release of Good Kid, M.A.A.D City, media outlets have described Lamar as the "modern hip hop messiah". Some critics dislike his "grating" political infusions, causing him to be viewed as having a savior complex. However, Lamar has declared himself to be the "greatest rapper alive" due to his personal connection to hip hop. "I'm not doing it to have a good song, or one good rap, or a good hook, or a good bridge," he explained to Zane Lowe. "I want to keep doing it every time, period. And to do it every time, you have to challenge yourself and you have to confirm to yourself—not anybody else, confirm to yourself that you're the best, period. [...] That's my drive and that's my hunger, I will always have." Other ventures Entrepreneurship Lamar has been described as an "authentic" businessman who takes "calculated steps to establish his brand from the ground-up" and leaves nothing to chance. He approaches traditional album rollouts with an unorthodox method, using Easter eggs and leaving cryptic messages. Before releasing a studio album, Lamar shares a promotional single taken from "The Heart", a timestamp song series designed to "observe the beating pulse behind his music." The vulnerable themes explored on the non-album singles have strengthened his relationship with his "inquisitive" fanbase known as Kenfolk. His real estate portfolio includes properties in California and New York. In 2011, Lamar crafted an original song with record producer Nosaj Thing to promote Microsoft's Windows Phone in 2011. He starred alongside DJ Calvin Harris and singer Ellie Goulding in a marketing campaign for Bacardi in 2014. As a minority shareholder of TDE, Lamar was set to serve as the executive producer for the label's film division. He partnered with American Express on advertising campaigns for Art Basel and Small Business Saturday, and is an angel investor of the music creation platform EngineEars. Lamar has also partnered with several fashion designers and outlets. As a brand ambassador, he was involved with designing sneakers for Reebok and Nike, Inc. He developed working relationships with Grace Wales Bonner and Martine Rose; through their respective eponymous brands, they have dressed him for several public events. For her Autumn/Winter 2023 collection, Twilight Reverie, Lamar worked with Bonner to create the show's soundtrack with Sampha and Duval Timothy. Through PGLang, he composed the score and co-designed the stage for Chanel's Spring/Summer 2024 haute couture collection. Philanthropy and activism A supporter of the Black Lives Matter movement, Lamar is a vocal advocate for racial equality. In 2012, he commended Frank Ocean for coming out. Lamar developed a strong friendship with former US president Barack Obama, having worked on a promotional video for Obama's My Brother's Keeper initiative. He was critical of Donald Trump's first presidency and the U.S. Supreme Court's landmark decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. Lamar has headlined charity concerts benefitting local and international non-profit organizations. He donated to the American Red Cross in November 2012 to support victims of Hurricane Sandy. In December 2013, Lamar donated $50,000 to his alma mater, Centennial High School, in support of its music department. He embarked on a small concert tour in 2014, and donated all of the revenue to Habitat for Humanity and his hometown. In July 2017, Lamar purchased a wheelchair-accessible van for a quadriplegic fan. He has regularly performed at TDE's annual holiday toy drive at Nickerson Gardens, and organizes his own toy drive in Compton. He joined a peace walk in June 2020 to protest against the murders of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor. In June 2024, Lamar spearheaded a $200,000 donation to 20 charities and community initiatives based in Los Angeles. Achievements Throughout his career, Lamar has won 22 Grammy Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award, four American Music Awards, 37 BET Hip Hop Awards , 11 MTV Video Music Awards , 7 Billboard Music Awards, and a Brit Award. As a songwriter, he has received nominations for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award. At the 58th Annual Grammy Awards, Lamar received the most Grammy nominations by a rapper in one night, with 11. During the 65th ceremony, he became the first artist from any genre to be nominated for Album of the Year with four consecutive lead studio albums since Billy Joel . Lamar has appeared in various power listings. In 2015, he was featured on Ebony's Power 100 list that honors leaders within the African American community. Time included him on its annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016. He has appeared on Forbes' Celebrity 100 ranking , and its 30 Under 30 list twice in the music category . Lamar was included twice in Billboard's lists of the greatest rappers of all time . Complex named him the best rapper alive thrice , and included him in their list of the 20 best rappers in their 20s thrice . In May 2015, Lamar was declared a generational icon by the California State Senate for his contributions to music and philanthropy. He was a grand marshal for the Compton Christmas Parade, and was presented with the key to the city of his hometown for representing its evolution. He served as Compton College's surprise commencement speaker on June 7, 2024. Lamar is the fifth man to appear solo on the cover of Harper's Bazaar. Good Kid, M.A.A.D City, To Pimp a Butterfly, and Damn were featured in Rolling Stone's industry-voted ranking of the 500 greatest albums of all time and the 200 greatest hip hop albums of all time. Good Kid, M.A.A.D City was additionally featured in the magazine's list of the 100 best debut albums of all time, and was named the greatest concept album ever. It was named the seventh greatest album of all time by Apple Music in 2024. To Pimp a Butterfly was ranked by several publications as one of the greatest albums of the 2010s decade, while "Alright" was deemed the greatest hip hop song of the streaming era by Spotify. As of February 2023, it is the top ranked album on the online encyclopedia Rate Your Music. Damn is the recipient of the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Music, the first time a musical work outside of the classical and jazz genres was honored. Its tour companion, along with the Big Steppers Tour , are two of the highest-grossing hip hop tours of all time. Discography Studio albums Section.80 Good Kid, M.A.A.D City To Pimp a Butterfly Damn Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers GNX Filmography God Is Gangsta Quincy Kendrick Lamar Live: The Big Steppers Tour Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé Piece by Piece Whitney Springs Tours Headlining Good Kid, M.A.A.D City World Tour Kunta's Groove Sessions The Damn Tour The Big Steppers Tour Co-headlining The Championship Tour Grand National Tour

=== Keri Hilson ===
Keri Lynn Hilson is an American singer and songwriter. Born and raised in Decatur, Georgia, she began her musical career as a songwriter and backing vocalist for other artists under the wing of record producer Anthony Dent in 2002. At the age of 14, Hilson secured a record deal with the girl group D'Signe, who disbanded without any releases. She attended Oxford College of Emory University while contributing to material for popular artists, including Britney Spears, Usher, Ciara, The Pussycat Dolls, and Mary J. Blige; she joined the songwriting-production group, the Clutch in 2004. Later that same year, she guest performed on the single "Hey Now " by Xzibit, which marked her first entry on the Billboard Hot 100. Two years later, she signed with producers Polow da Don and Timbaland through their respective labels Zone 4 and Mosley Music Group—both imprints of Interscope Records—to further pursue a recording career. She guest appeared on Timbaland's 2007 single, "The Way I Are," which peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked atop record charts in eight other countries, becoming her mainstream commercial breakthrough. Her 2008 debut single, "Energy", and its follow-ups "Return the Favor" and "Turnin Me On" , each preceded the release of her debut studio album, In a Perfect World... . Along with positive critical response, the album peaked at number four on the US Billboard 200 and received gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . It also spawned the single "Knock You Down" , which was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards and matched "The Way I Are" as her highest-charting song. Her second studio album, No Boys Allowed was met with mixed reviews and a commercial decline from its predecessor, though it spawned the platinum-certified single "Pretty Girl Rock" . As of 2025, Hilson has not released any music as a lead artist since 2011. Hilson's musical style is R&B, hip hop, and pop; womanhood, intimacy, romance, and independence has been her frequent subject matter. She has pursued a side career in acting, making her film debut in the Tim Story romantic comedy film Think Like a Man. In charitable endeavors, she has contributed in the fight against HIV and AIDS, supported various relief efforts for natural disasters, and has been involved with several educational organizations. Her accolades include two Grammy Award nominations , a BET Award, a MOBO Award, an NAACP Image Award, and two Soul Train Music Awards. Life and career 1982–2007: Early life and career beginnings Keri Lynn Hilson was born on December 5, 1982, in Decatur, Georgia. Hilson's mother owned and ran a day care center and her father was a developer who served in the Army. She was raised in a middle class family and in an African-American neighborhood. Her brother is Kip and her sisters are Kelsee, Kye and Kaycee. Hilson and her siblings did not attend a school within the neighborhood, stating that "they shipped us off for an hour to get to school every day. It was just that important for us to maintain the life that they had created". From the age of 12, Hilson wanted to pursue a musical career, after watching television talent shows, Star Search and Showtime at the Apollo. Her mother then hired a piano teacher to give her piano lessons; however, Hilson wanted to become a singer and therefore "converted those sessions into vocal lessons, accompanying the teacher on piano". By the age of 14, Hilson had secured a record deal with the girl group D'Signe, who later disbanded. Hilson's first credit as a songwriter was the song "Jump", performed by Japanese R&B singer Michico's for the latter's debut album, I Do . Hilson spent most of her teenage years working with producer Anthony Dent as a songwriter and background vocalist for the likes of Usher, Ludacris, Kelly Rowland, Toni Braxton, Ciara and Polow da Don. After graduating from Tucker High School in the DeKalb County School District, Hilson attended Oxford College of Emory University and Emory University in Atlanta for three years and studied a course in theater. She continued working as a songwriter and background vocalist during her schooling years. Hilson eventually stopped working with Dent in favor of Polow da Don. She also became a member of the songwriting and production team, The Clutch. Together, they wrote Mary J. Blige's "Take Me as I Am" , Omarion's "Ice Box" , Ciara's "Like a Boy" , The Pussycat Dolls' "Wait a Minute" and Britney Spears' "Gimme More" . In 2006, Polow introduced Hilson to American rapper and producer Timbaland, who then signed her to his record label, Mosley Music Group. In October 2006, Hilson made her recording debut on American rapper P. Diddy's song "After Love" — produced by Timbaland and included on his third album Press Play. She also appeared on American rapper Lloyd Banks' single "Help" from his album Rotten Apple, released the following month. The following year, Hilson was featured on three singles; in June, on Timbaland's song "The Way I Are", the second single from his album Shock Value ; on Rich Boy's "Good Things" with Polow da Don; and thereafter, in December, on Timbaland's song "Scream" with Nicole Scherzinger, the fifth single from Shock Value. The former peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 — her first entry on the chart — while peaking atop nine international charts. 2008–2009: In a Perfect World... In 2008, Hilson appeared in the music videos for Usher's single "Love in This Club" and Ne-Yo's single "Miss Independent". Her debut studio album, In a Perfect World..., was released on March 24, 2009. The album contained pop-oriented R&B songs. It was initially planned to be released the previous year; however, the album was delayed several times because Hilson wanted to make sure it came out to her liking, stating "I'm just a perfectionist. I have had many [release dates], but it's all for a good cause. The label wants to make sure the album has its proper release, and I'm thankful for that. Very grateful, even though fans look at it like it's a bad thing." In the United States, In a Perfect World... debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 chart, and number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, with first-week sales of 94,000 copies. By October 2009, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . Its first single, "Energy", released in May 2008, peaked at number 78 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and number 21 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It reached the top 50 in the United Kingdom, and peaked the highest in New Zealand at number two, and was certified gold in that country. Hilson also featured on three singles in 2008; in June, on rapper Nas' song "Hero"; in September, on Kardinal Offishall's "Numba 1 "; and thereafter, in October, on Chris Brown's song "Superhuman". "Return the Favor", featuring Timbaland, served as the second international single from Hilson's In a Perfect World... album, while "Turnin Me On" featuring Lil Wayne, was released as the second US single. The latter achieved commercial success, reaching number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100, and number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, eventually being certified platinum in the United States. "Turnin Me On" spent 10 weeks on the Hot 100. Hilson and Lil Wayne performed the song on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on March 27, 2009. The next single, "Knock You Down" featuring Kanye West and Ne-Yo, achieved more success, reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, eventually being certified two times platinum. The song spent 31 weeks on the Hot 100 and 30 weeks on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It also reached the top ten in Canada, Ireland, The Netherlands, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Hilson and West performed "Knock You Down" on the Late Show with David Letterman on May 4, 2009. "Make Love", "Slow Dance", and "Change Me" featuring Akon, were released as the album's fourth, fifth and sixth US singles, respectively. Hilson performed "Slow Dance" with The Roots on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on September 18, 2009. Hilson, along with Gym Class Heroes, Gorilla Zoe and T-Pain, were supporting acts on Lil Wayne's I Am Music Tour in North America. At the 2009 BET Awards, she was nominated in four categories, including Best New Artist, Best Female R&B Artist, as well as Viewer's Choice and Best Collaboration for "Turnin Me On" with Lil Wayne. She eventually won the Best New Artist category. In 2009, Hilson was featured on five singles; "Number One" with R. Kelly, "She Don't Wanna" with Asher Roth, "Everything, Everyday, Everywhere" with Fabolous, "Medicine" with Plies, and on the remix of Sean Paul's song, "Hold My Hand". Hilson was nominated for Breakthrough Artist and Favorite Soul/R&B Female Artist at the 2009 American Music Awards. The re-released edition of In a Perfect World..., in January 2010, included the single "I Like", which reached number one in Germany, Poland and Slovakia, and peaked within the top ten in Austria, Norway and Switzerland. At the 52nd Grammy Awards, Hilson was nominated for Best New Artist and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Knock You Down" with Kanye West and Ne-Yo. 2010–2014: No Boys Allowed and acting debut During the first half of 2010, Hilson guest featured on rapper Trina's single "Million Dollar Girl", and on T.I.'s single "Got Your Back". In April 2010, it was made known that she had replaced Jennifer Hudson as the new face of the cosmetics and personal care products company Avon. "Breaking Point" was released as the first single from Hilson's second studio album, No Boys Allowed, in September 2010; it only appeared on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs Chart at number 44, and spent two weeks on the chart. On December 2, 2010, Hilson was one of the many female artists who performed at the VH1 Divas Salute the Troops concert, where she sang "Turnin Me On", "Knock You Down", "Pretty Girl Rock", and a duet with American country music duo Sugarland on the Aretha Franklin song "Think". No Boys Allowed was released on December 21, 2010. Described as a "girl power album", No Boys Allowed was primarily of the R&B and pop genres. Despite the album's title, Hilson stated "it's not about excluding men. It's more about women understanding that there comes a time in your life when you want a man. A real man. A grown up. Not a boy. And that's not a bad thing." Speaking of the songs on the album, she explained "I write from a female perspective, but I'm also telling men what women are really thinking and feeling about them". In the United States, No Boys Allowed debuted at number 11 on the Billboard 200, and number seven on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, with first-week sales of 102,000 copies. Although the album sold 8,000 copies more than Hilson's debut album In a Perfect World..., it failed to match that album's debut chart position of number four on the Billboard 200, due to No Boys Allowed being released during the festive season with several Christmas albums debuting inside the top-ten. As of February 2011, the album has sold 205,500 copies in the United States. Hilson achieved success with the album's second single, "Pretty Girl Rock", which reached number 24 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number four on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs Chart, eventually being certified platinum. The song spent 14 weeks on the Hot 100 and four weeks on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs Chart. It reached the top twenty in Germany and New Zealand, and top 30 in Austria and Slovakia. Hilson promoted "Pretty Girl Rock" with live performances on televised shows, including The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, the Late Show with David Letterman and Jimmy Kimmel Live!. "One Night Stand" featuring Chris Brown, and "Lose Control " featuring Nelly, were released as the album's third and fourth singles, respectively. In 2011, she was featured on British rapper Chipmunk's single "In the Air", for his album Transition . In April 2011, Hilson, along with many other R&B and hip hop acts, traveled to Australia to be part of its biggest urban music festival, Supafest. At the 2011 BET Awards, Hilson was nominated for Best Female R&B Artist and Video of the Year for "Pretty Girl Rock". In July 2011, she was a supporting act on the second leg of Lil Wayne's I Am Still Music Tour in North America, before embarking on her first headlining European tour in October. In 2011, Hilson posed nude for the May issue of Allure magazine. Hilson made her acting debut in the romantic comedy film Think Like a Man, released on April 20, 2012. She also appeared alongside Vin Diesel in the sci-fi action film Riddick , in a brief role as a prisoner allowed to escape to make room for Riddick. Hilson portrayed the character Gigi in the 2021 film For the Love of Money. 2015–present: Third album On October 25, 2011, during an interview on BET's 106 & Park, Hilson revealed that she had begun recording her third studio album. She explained, "There's some people in the world that aren't gon' like this album coming from me. As I was experiencing the world, there were things that I was also experiencing on a personal front, and in my music it's coming out. There's a specific few people who ain't gon' like to listen to this album. Very emotional, I'll say that." She further explained in an interview with The Boombox that she was working on a new sound for the album, and described it as a mixture of her first two albums with some surprising elements added. At the time, Hilson explained that a release date had not yet been confirmed, saying "I just write about my experiences and keep the release dates far, far from me. When I feel that I have [good material] is when I will give it to the label. But I'm not quite there yet. I'm still working." On March 14, 2016, a press released was released stating that Hilson third album would be titled L.I.A.R., an acronym for Love Is a Religion, with contributions from Chris Brown, Danja, Timbaland and Polow Da Don. It was also reported that the first single would be the Mike WiLL-Made It-produced "Again", which was co-written with Rock City and was due to be released March 18, 2016. However Hilson would go on to refute this, stating that the press release from her label Zone 4 was premature and fake. She did confirm that the album would be called LIAR and confirmed "Again" as a song title but refuted the impending release and single choice. In July 2017, Hilson was featured on Zambian singer Tiwah Hillz's single "Beautiful". Hilson announced that she would be releasing new music in summer 2019, nine years after her previous album. She performed on Femme It Forward Tour in summer 2019 alongside Mya, Brandy, Ashanti, Monica and Amerie. In October 2019, Hilson referred to the album as untitled, but said that it was in the final stages of mixing and production. As of July 2023, no further details about the album have been released. In April 2020, Keri was featured on Ghanaian musician Stonebwoy's song "Nominate". She later recommended Rihanna for a future collaboration with the Ghanaian dancehall musician. Artistry Hilson's music is generally R&B, hip hop and pop. Her debut album, In a Perfect World..., consists of a pop/R&B style, with elements of electro music. Many of the album's themes deal with relationships, physical attraction and lovemaking. Hilson said, "lyrically it's a very vulnerable album. You know, I definitely didn't want to paint myself as perfect on this project. Instead, I wanted it to be something that was very relatable, especially to women". Her second album, No Boys Allowed, displays a wide variety of styles, including pop, R&B, hip hop, soul, acoustic, electronic and reggae. Hilson describes the album as "more self-assured. It's a lot more aggressive". Kristin Macfarlane of The Daily Post noted that the album is "pure girl power and about being sexually confident, and confident as a woman; not putting up with crap relationships and getting your way". Hilson sings with "smooth vocals". Following the release of her debut album, Sophie Bruce of BBC Music expressed that, "there's no denying Hilson has a great voice, but it lacks the feisty edge of [Nicole] Scherzinger, [Mary J.] Blige or [Beyoncé] Knowles". Mark Nero of About.com commented, "Keri's voice, while strong, isn't particularly distinctive or memorable". Hilson has stated that her musical influences come from her father's side of the family. "My grandmother would sing in the choir; while my dad—while he was in college—sang and recorded with a quartet. ... it was definitely my dad's Southern side that impacted on me musically". Hilson's father also introduced her to artists such as Sade, Anita Baker, The Blind Boys of Alabama, Lisa Stansfield, Take 6 and Stevie Wonder. In addition, she cites Michael Jackson, Lauryn Hill, Janet Jackson, TLC and Aaliyah as her idols. Activism and philanthropy Besides her career in music, Hilson has also been involved with several charities. In January 2010, she teamed up with Akon on the charity single "Oh Africa". All proceeds of the single benefited underprivileged African youth. The following month, Hilson joined the extended list of artists during the recording session of the single, "We Are the World 25 for Haiti", to benefit victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. On May 25, she performed at the Virginia Stand Up! A Call to Action benefit concert, organized by Chris Brown to help with continued relief efforts in Haiti. On October 21, 2010, Hilson attended Collins Academy High School in Chicago as part of the Get Schooled National Challenge and Tour, a "program aimed at increasing high school and college graduation rates and promoting the importance of education". In 2011, she received a Get Schooled Award for her involvement with the program. Also in 2011, Hilson contributed in the fight against AIDS by posing in retail-clothing company H&M's celebrity-driven collection for Fashion Against AIDS. 25% of all sales from the collection were donated to the Designers Against Aids charity. Hilson contributed to the It Gets Better Project, a project which aims to prevent suicide among LGBT youth. In June 2011, Hilson became an ambassador for MTV Staying Alive, a foundation which raises awareness and prevention of HIV and AIDS. In September 2011, she lent her support to US First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move! campaign, which aims to combat childhood obesity. She made T-shirts for the campaign that read "Pretty Girls Sweat", and exercised with the young women at The Educational Alliance's Sirovich Senior Center in New York City on September 24. During Hilson's visit in Africa in November 2011, she stopped by an orphanage to visit her young fans who had lost their families during the 2010–2011 Ivorian crisis. She gave each orphan a "care" package, which consisted of bookbags, T-shirts, sunglasses, notebooks and an electric keyboard. In April 2012, Hilson worked with DoSomething.org to encourage young people to take part in the nationwide Epic Book Drive by bringing books to local people in need. In a press release, she stated: "Joining DoSomething.org's newest effort to provide for people in need with Epic Book Drive was the easiest decision ever!. I truly believe providing access to those who want to learn is the key to bettering lives around the country. And helping kids find healthy outlets, such as books, has always been a passion of mine. So my involvement here is a natural fit." Hilson has also become an active opponent of 5G wireless technology, and was criticized for falsely claiming it caused the coronavirus pandemic. Discography Studio albums In a Perfect World... No Boys Allowed We Need to Talk Filmography Tours Headlining European Tour Supporting I Am Music Tour I Am Still Music Tour Femme It Forward Tour The Millennium Tour: Turned Up! Awards and nominations

=== Megan Thee Stallion ===
Megan Jovon Ruth Pete , known professionally as Megan Thee Stallion , is an American rapper and songwriter. Originally from Houston, Texas, she first garnered attention when videos of her freestyling became popular on social media platforms such as Instagram. She signed with 1501 Certified Entertainment in 2018, and saw her mainstream breakthrough the following year with the release of her singles "Hot Girl Summer" and "Cash Shit" ; the former peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 while the latter received quadruple platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . "Cash Shit" was also included on her commercial mixtape Fever , which was followed by her extended play Suga —both of which peaked within the top ten of the Billboard 200. Megan Thee Stallion earned two number-one songs on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2020 with her single "Savage Remix" and her guest appearance on Cardi B's single "WAP". The former won two Grammy Awards—Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song—while the latter became her first number-one song in international markets, including becoming the inaugural number-one on the Billboard Global 200 chart. Her debut studio album, Good News , was met with critical and commercial success—reaching number two on the Billboard 200. It spawned the single "Body", which made her the first female act to release three number-one songs on the Streaming Songs chart within a year. Her compilation album Something for Thee Hotties peaked at number five on the Billboard 200 and spawned the Billboard Hot 100-top 20 single "Thot Shit", which received a Grammy Award nomination. Her 2022 single, "Sweetest Pie" was met with similar success and preceded the release of her second studio album Traumazine , which peaked at number four on the Billboard 200. Her 2024 single, "Hiss" became her first solo song to top the Billboard Hot 100, and made her the first solo female rapper to debut atop the Billboard Global 200; it preceded her third studio album Megan . In July 2020, Megan Thee Stallion was shot in the foot by Canadian rapper Tory Lanez in the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles. The shooting was a major thematic element of her album Good News. In December 2022, a jury found Lanez guilty of first-degree assault with a firearm, discharge of a firearm with gross negligence, and having a concealed firearm in a vehicle. After the shooting trial and following a prolonged legal dispute with her record label, Megan Thee Stallion parted ways with 1501 and 300 Entertainment in 2023. Megan has received various accolades in her career, including six BET Awards, five BET Hip Hop Awards, four American Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, a Billboard Women in Music Award, and three Grammy Awards. At the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, she became the second female rapper to win Best New Artist . In 2020, Time magazine named her one of the 100 most-influential people in the world on their annual list. Early life and education Megan Jovon Ruth Pete was born on February 15, 1995 in San Antonio, Texas, moved to Houston shortly after her birth with her mother, Holly Thomas. Holly, a rapper known as "Holly-Wood", often took young Megan to recording sessions instead of daycare. Growing up Houston's South Park neighborhood and later Pearland, Megan began writing raps at age 14, and lived there until she was 18. When she eventually showed her mother her rapping skills at age 18, Holly required that Megan wait until she was 21 to pursue rapping as a career. Her mother commented that her lyrics were too sexually suggestive for her young age. Megan attended Pearland High School graduating in 2013. Her father died during her freshman year of high school. While studying at Prairie View A&M University, Megan's freestyling videos on social media gained popularity notably one where she was battling against male opponents in a "cypher". The exposure helped her gain a following on social media and many fans, who she refers to as "hotties" and credits for her early success. After taking time off from school to pursue music, she returned home resuming her studies at Texas Southern University. She graduated on December 11, 2021, with a Bachelor of Science in health administration. Megan adopted the stage name "Megan Thee Stallion" after she was called a "stallion" during her adolescence due to her height ) and "thick" body frame; voluptuous, statuesque women in the southern United States are sometimes colloquially called "stallions". Career 2016–2017: Early beginnings In 2016, Megan Thee Stallion released her debut single "Like a Stallion," followed by SoundCloud-exclusive mixtapes Rich Ratchet and Megan Mix in 2017. That year she made her professional solo debut with the EP Make It Hot, which included the hit "Last Week in HTx" earning several million views on YouTube. Additionally, she released the song "Stalli ", as a rework of late musician XXXTentacion's "Look at Me!". Around this time, Megan auditioned for the since-postponed Love & Hip Hop: Houston. 2018–2019: Tina Snow and Fever In early 2018, Megan Thee Stallion signed with 1501 Certified Entertainment, an independent Houston label run by T. Farris and owned by former baseball player Carl Crawford. She was the first female rapper to join the label, and subsequently performed at SXSW Festival in March 2018. In June 2018, she released the EP Tina Snow named after her alter ego, "Tina Snow", who she describes as "a more raw version" of herself. The EP mainly produced by 1501's in-house producer LilJuMadeDaBeat, was positively received by critics with Eric Torres of Pitchfork highlighting its "quotable lyrics" and Nandi Howard of The Fader praising her rapid and precise rapping style. In November 2018, Megan signed with 300 Entertainment, becoming the first woman on the label. It was during this time that she was scheduled to support Australian rapper Iggy Azalea on her planned Bad Girls Tour; however, the tour was later cancelled due to low ticket sales. On January 22, 2019, Megan Thee Stallion released "Big Ole Freak" as a single from Tina Snow, which became her first Billboard Hot 100 chart entry, peaking at number 65. Her mixtape Fever, released on May 17, 2019 receiving critical acclaim. On May 21, 2019, she released the music video for the track "Realer", which was inspired by the blaxploitation film style. On June 20, 2019, Megan was selected as one of eleven artists for the 12th edition of XXL's "Freshman Class". Her freestyle in the cypher was praised by music critics. In July 2019, Megan was featured on Chance The Rapper's debut studio album The Big Day, on the track "Handsome". On August 2, 2019, A Black Lady Sketch Show premiered on HBO; using Megan's song "Hot Girl" in the opening title sequence. In August, 2019, Megan's single "Hot Girl Summer", featuring Nicki Minaj and Ty Dolla Sign peaked at number 11 on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming her first top 20 single, and topping the Rolling Stone 100. The song, an ode to her viral "hot girl summer" meme, came about after an Instagram Live session between Minaj and Megan. Megan then appeared on the Quality Control compilation album Quality Control: Control the Streets, Volume 2 on the track "Pastor" . In September 2019, Megan Thee Stallion signed a management deal with Roc Nation. In October, she created and starred in a horror series for Halloween, Hottieween . She als performed her first NPR Tiny Desk Concert during the Tiny Desk Fest. In November 2019, Time placed Megan Thee Stallion on their inaugural "Time 100 Next" list. 2020–2021: Career stardom, Suga and Good News In January 2020, Megan Thee Stallion released the single "Diamonds" featuring singer Normani for the soundtrack of the superhero film Birds of Prey . That same month, she announced her debut album Suga and released the lead single "B.I.T.C.H.". In February 2020, she featured on the single "Fkn Around" by Phony Ppl, and appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, performing "B.I.T.C.H.". The next month, she announced that her debut album's release was being delayed as a result of her attempts to renegotiate her contract with 1501 Certified. That same month, the song "Savage", from the EP, went viral on TikTok, when popular user Keara Wilson used it for a dance challenge video, amassing 15.7 million views and 2.4 million likes, as of March 20, 2020. A remix featuring Beyoncé was released on April 29, 2020. The song became Megan Thee Stallion's first top 10 entry in the United States shortly after the remix's release, eventually becoming her first chart topper in the country. "Savage" also helped boost Suga's sales, propelling it up to number 7 on the Billboard 200. She released the song "Girls in the Hood" on June 26, 2020, before featuring on Cardi B's single "WAP" and appearing in its music video in August 2020. "WAP" became her second number-one single in the U.S., breaking the record for the most streams for a song in its first week of release in the U.S. . Megan Thee Stallion became a Global Brand Ambassador for Revlon in August 2020. She received her first-ever Billboard Music Award nomination when she was nominated for Top Rap Female Artist in September 2020. A few days later, she was featured in the annual Time 100 list of the most-influential people in the world. Her write-up for this listing was composed by American actress Taraji P. Henson. Megan Thee Stallion tied with Drake when she received eight nominations at the 2020 BET Hip Hop Awards, including Artist of the Year, Song of the Year and Album of the Year. She also tied with Justin Bieber as the most-nominated musician at the 2020 People's Choice Awards, earning six nominations. Megan Thee Stallion became the second-most-nominated act at the 2020 American Music Awards. In October 2020, she released the single "Don't Stop" featuring rapper Young Thug, and promoted it by performing on the 46th season premiere of Saturday Night Live. She performed a "politically-charged" version of "Savage" that evening, in which she addressed racism, the Attorney General of Kentucky Daniel Cameron, and sent a message about the importance of protecting black women and the Black Lives Matter movement. She continued working for this cause by writing an op-ed for The New York Times titled "Why I Speak Up for Black Women", which received acclaim. Megan Thee Stallion appeared in the 2020 comedy special Sarah Cooper: Everything's Fine. She received four nominations at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, including Best New Artist and Record of the Year for "Savage ". She went-on to win the former, which made her the first female hip hop artist to do so since Lauryn Hill in 1999; additionally, she took home awards for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance, both for "Savage ". On November 13, 2020, Megan Thee Stallion announced the upcoming release of her debut studio album, Good News, released on November 20, 2020. The release of the album also coincided with its fourth single, "Body", with its accompanying music video. "Body" was a commercial success and made her the first woman in history to achieve three number-one Streaming Songs in a single calendar year. Good News debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200, and at number 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, with over 100,000 album-equivalent units sold. On January 14, 2021, Megan Thee Stallion was featured on a remix of Ariana Grande's single "34+35", the second single from her sixth studio album Positions, alongside American singer and rapper Doja Cat. A music video for the remix was later released on February 12, 2021. In June, she released the single "Thot Shit", with a music video featuring an hypocritical, socially conservative politician. Megan Thee Stallion took home the most awards at the 2021 BET Awards ceremony, with four nominations won. Boy band BTS released a remix of the single "Butter" featuring Megan Thee Stallion, which reached number three on the Billboard Global 200. She also led the nominations for the 2021 BET Hip Hop Awards along with Cardi B, with nine categories each; both rappers won the most awards during that ceremony, including three for "WAP". Megan Thee Stallion was featured on DJ Snake's single "SG", along with Ozuna and Lisa of Blackpink, released in October. Megan released Something for Thee Hotties, a collection of previously unreleased songs and freestyles, on October 29, 2021. The compilation album debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200, becoming Megan Thee Stallion's fourth top 10. On September 16, 2021, Post Malone announced the Posty Fest 2021 lineup, with Megan Thee Stallion as one of the performers at the festival based in Arlington, Texas, to be held that October. Megan was honored as one of Glamour's Women of the Year in November. Megan won three awards at the 2021 American Music Awards, tying with Doja Cat and BTS for the most wins that night. Megan Thee Stallion graduated from Texas Southern University on December 11, 2021. Shortly after, Megan was honored with the 18th Congressional District of Texas Hero Award by Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee for her philanthropy efforts in Houston. 2022–present: Traumazine, Hot Girl Productions, Megan, and Megan: Act II On March 11, 2022, Megan Thee Stallion released a collaboration with English singer Dua Lipa, named "Sweetest Pie". On March 27, Megan made a surprise appearance at the 94th Academy Awards performing "We Don't Talk About Bruno" alongside various artists from the film Encanto. Megan became the second woman rapper to perform at the Academy Awards, following Queen Latifah in the 81st Academy Awards ceremony. She received acclaim at the Oscars for the surprise performance, with Rolling Stone stating: "Megan Thee Stallion Makes 'Encanto' Track...All the More Magical at Oscars." In a Rolling Stone cover story, Megan revealed that she collaborated with Future for her upcoming second album on a song titled "Pressurelicious". On August 11, 2022, Megan Thee Stallion took to Twitter to announce that her second studio album Traumazine would be released the next day. It became the rapper's fifth US top-10 album. After the low promotion of Traumazine by the label, Megan has started a second lawsuit, accepting an agreement with the breaking off of the relationship between the two parties. On September 4, 2023, Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion announced their new single "Bongos". On October 27, she announced a new single titled "Cobra", that released on November 2 from her third album. This is her first independent single since departing from her record label 1501 Certified Entertainment in October 2023. Megan appeared on Good Morning America in January 2024 to announce that she will be headlining her first tour, the "Hot Girl Summer Tour". GloRilla served as a special guest for the North American leg, which started on May 14 in Minneapolis; while Nigerian-British rapper Ms Banks was an opening act for the European leg. "Hot Girl Summer Tour" has garnered rave reviews and grossed over $40 million. On February 2, 2024, Megan Thee Stallion signed a distribution deal with Warner Music. On June 2, 2024, she announced with self-titled third studio album, Megan, which was released on June 28. She has released three singles in anticipation of the album: "Cobra" on November 3, 2023, "Hiss" on January 26, 2024, and "Boa" on May 10, 2024. "Hiss" reached number one on the Apple Music charts a day after its release, receiving widespread acclaim and media coverage involving multiple artists Megan has dissed in the song. It also later debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the rapper's third No. 1 hit as well as her first solo number one. After going viral on TikTok, the music video for the fourth single from the album, "Mamushi," was released on August 9, 2024. On September 5, 2024, the music video for Megan's single "Neva Play" featuring RM of BTS was released. Megan Thee Stallion covered English rock band Queen's 1977 hit single "We Will Rock You" in a September 2024 Pepsi television advertisement; on September 5, 2024, the song, sampling the original chorus, was released as a single. Queen are credited as co-lead artists. On October 18, 2024, she announced a reissue of her album Megan, Megan: Act II, which was released on October 25, 2024. On December 6, 2024. Megan featured in the title track Strategy from the EP with the same name of Twice. A version without Megan is also presented in the album. On late February, 2025. Megan featured in the track "Rapunzel" from AlterEgo, the first studio album of the Thai rapper Lisa. Like in Strategy, a version without Megan can be found in the album. Artistry Public image Megan Thee Stallion is known for weaving her sexuality into her lyrics, videos, and live performances. In an interview with Pitchfork she stated, "It's not just about being sexy, it's about being confident and me being confident in my sexuality." Her Texas rap origins are an important part of her identity, she told Rolling Stone, "I don't feel like we ever really had a female rapper come from Houston or Texas and shut shit down. So that's where I'm coming from." She is often regarded as a sex symbol by the media. Influences Megan cites her mother as her primary influence along notable hip-hop figures like Pimp C. His 2006 solo album, Pimpalation, influenced her style for his talk-rap delivery and "cockiness". Other influences include the Notorious B.I.G., Lil' Kim, Queen Latifah, Eve, Three 6 Mafia, Trina, Salt-N-Pepa, Missy Elliott, and Foxy Brown. She credits Q-Tip as her mentor. She has also been influenced by Beyoncé. In her Grammy Awards acceptance speech with Beyoncé for "Savage", she said: "Ever since I was little, I was like, 'you know what? One day, I'm gonna grow up and I'm gonna be like the rap Beyoncé.' That was definitely my goal. [..] I love her work ethic, I love the way she is, I love the way she carries herself." Alter egos Megan uses alter egos to express different facets of her personality in music. "Tina Snow," one of her alter egos and also the name of her debut EP was influenced by Pimp C's alias Tony Snow. The ego has similar confidence and an unapologetically sexually dominant delivery. "Hot Girl Meg" another alter ego embodies Megan's carefree and outgoing side, which she compares to a "college, party girl." She first introduced "Hot Girl Meg" on her EP, Fever. She has also referred to herself as "Thee Hood Tyra Banks." Trademarks "Hot Girl Summer": Megan originated the viral catchphrase "hot girl summer" on social media. It is a derivative of another of her most-known catchphrases, "hot girl", also derived from "real hot girl shit". She first used the phrase in a tweet on April 14, 2018. It later appeared on the Fever album cover, which read: "She's thee HOT GIRL and she's bringing THEE HEAT." She defined the term as "women and men being unapologetically them, just having a good-ass time, hyping up their friends, doing you." Megan officially trademarked the term "hot girl summer" in September 2019 after applying for it in July of that year. A song of the same name was released on August 9, 2019. Signature Ad Lib: Megan is known for her signature ad-lib, which involves sticking her tongue out, creating a "creaky", audible "agh" or "blah" sound. Twitter Emoji: In August 2019, Twitter created an official emoji for this tongue symbol, which could be spawned directly after the hashtag "#MeganTheeStallion". This symbol also inspired the cover art of her EP Suga which was revealed in March 2020. Other ventures On July 30, 2024, Megan Thee Stallion and fellow rapper Quavo opened up for Vice President Kamala Harris’s first presidential campaign rally in Atlanta, Georgia. Megan performed numerous censored versions of her hits at the event, and garnered backlash from viewers who deemed it inappropriate. Television and film In 2020, Megan Thee Stallion appeared as a judge on the premiere season of HBO's ballroom and voguing competition series Legendary. She would continue appearing as a judge for the series' second season in 2021, before being replaced by Keke Palmer, in the third and final season, due to scheduling and contractual agreements. On December 16, 2021, she signed an exclusive first-look deal at Netflix, to create and executive produce new series and other projects. On February 17, 2022, it was announced that Megan will co-star in A24's first movie musical titled Dicks: The Musical, described as "a spin on The Parent Trap". The A24 musical film directed by Larry Charles was based on the off-Broadway musical Fucking Identical Twins by Josh Sharp and Aaron Jackson debuted at the 2023 Toronto International Film Festival. She co-stars alongside Nathan Lane, Bowen Yang, and Megan Mullally. She guest starred in the Disney+ Marvel Cinematic Universe series She-Hulk: Attorney at Law as a fictionalized version of herself. In January 2024, Megan Thee Stallion made a cameo appearance in the movie musical adaptation of Mean Girls; she also contributed to its soundtrack, writing the original song "Not My Fault" with Reneé Rapp. Megan has also been the host for the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards on September 11, 2024. On October 16, 2024, Amazon Prime Video released the trailer for Megan's upcoming documentary about a dark time in her life called Megan Thee Stallion: In Her Words, which was released on October 31, 2024. Philanthropy She contributed $15,400 worth of Thanksgiving turkeys and helped hand them out to 1,050 households in need at the Houston Food Bank portwall pantry, in November 2019. In April 2020, she donated over $10,000 to bail relief effort for Houston protestors. The same month, Megan teamed up with Amazon Music to donate to a Nursing Facility in Houston. All the proceeds collected from her collaboration with Beyoncé on the Savage remix went to Bread of Life, which helps local Houston communities with Covid-19 relief efforts. The song raised over $2.5 million. In October 2020, she partnered with Amazon Music's rap rotation and launched the "Don't Stop" scholarship fund that awarded two women of color pursuing associate, bachelor or postgraduate degrees, $10,000 each. In February 2021, she launched "Hotties Helping Houston" with US House Democrat Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas, the National Association of Christian Churches disaster services, Taraji P. Henson, 300 Entertainment, Maroon 5, Revlon, Mielle Organics, Fashion Nova, and Billie Eilish to help senior citizens and single moms recovering from the area's storm related devastation. In March 2021, she collaborated with Fashion Nova for the 'Women on Top" initiative, which would give away $1 million to support female-owned businesses and organizations. The same month, along with Fashion Nova and journalist May Lee, they donated $50,000 after the Atlanta spa shootings to the legal non-profit, Advancing Justice Atlanta. In June 2021, she offered a full tuition, four-year scholarship to the Roc Nation school of music, sports & entertainment at Long Island University. In June 2021, she partnered with Cash App to make "Investing for Hotties" educational videos. This partnership also donated $1 million worth of stock to randomly-selected fans. In October 2021, as part of her wide-ranging agreement with Popeyes, she made a six-figure donation to the charitable organization Houston Random Acts of Kindness. On February 15, 2022, Megan Thee Stallion announced the launching of a nonprofit program, the Pete and Thomas Foundation, in honor of her late mother and father Holly Thomas and Joseph Pete Jr. The foundation seeks to help underserved communities in Houston, Texas and beyond through education, housing, and health and wellness needs. On May 1, 2022, the Mayor of Houston Sylvester Turner honored Megan for her philanthropic and humanitarian efforts for the Houston people by proclaiming May 2 Megan Thee Stallion Day in Houston, Texas. She received an honorary key to the City of Houston, a symbolic cowboy hat and belt buckle. BTS Army launched "Thee Army Fund" project, in collaboration with the "Hotties" which raised over $120,000 to donate to three different organizations: in her name to congratulate her on the Butter . As part of her ceremony to receive the key to the city of Houston, the non-profit Pete and Thomas Foundation donated $5,000 to three people in Houston to assist with their education, housing, and wellness expenses. Personal life Megan Thee Stallion mentioned being part Creole in her songs "Cocky AF" and "Freak Nasty" as well as in a tweet in September 2017. Her mother, Holly Thomas, died in March 2019 from a longstanding cancerous brain tumor, and Megan's grandmother died in the same month. She mentioned her mother's death in her song "Flip Flop" from the album, Traumazine, released on August 12, 2022. In January 2024, fans of Nicki Minaj doxed the location of Holly Thomas's grave before Minaj's single "Big Foot" was released. Megan is a self-described fan of anime and her favorites are My Hero Academia and Naruto. Manga artist Shōta Noguchi, who assists My Hero Academia creator Kōhei Horikoshi, has published several renditions of MHA character Rumi Usagiyama using Instagram photos of Megan Thee Stallion as reference. In turn, Megan Thee Stallion published photos of her 2022 Halloween costume of Usagiyama. She has previously cosplayed as MHA character Shoto Todoroki and Usagi Tsukino from Sailor Moon. Megan Thee Stallion confirmed her relationship with fellow rapper Pardison Fontaine via Instagram Live on February 19, 2021. The pair ended their relationship in 2023. She has been dating basketball player Torrey Craig since 2024. In addition to acting as her manager, Megan's grandmother was a major influence on her decision to study health administration and also helped foster her goal to establish assisted living facilities in her hometown of Houston. While she has never publicly stated a particular label for her sexuality, she has continually expressed interest in women through her music. Shooting On July 15, 2020, Megan Thee Stallion stated that she had suffered gunshot wounds, and that she had undergone surgery to remove the bullets. Her statement countered an earlier TMZ report that she had injured her foot on broken glass three days prior when she was in a car with rap and R&B musician Tory Lanez and an unidentified woman. The car was pulled over by police, and Lanez was arrested on gun charges following a vehicle search. On July 27, 2020, Megan revealed that she had been shot in both feet, and denounced rumors in an Instagram Live session where she tearfully recounted the shooting incident. The following month, Megan claimed that Lanez was the person who shot her, saying, "I didn't tell the police what happened immediately right there because I didn't want to die." In a statement to Variety, Megan's attorney, Alex Spiro, claimed Lanez's representatives had attempted to launch a "smear campaign", using falsified messages to "peddle a false narrative" discrediting Megan. Lanez's team denied this, stating that they would investigate whoever was behind the fake emails, then would take appropriate action. Megan later confirmed that she had been offered money by Lanez and his team to keep quiet on the incident. On October 8, 2020, Lanez was charged with shooting Megan Thee Stallion by Los Angeles County prosecutors. His arraignment was scheduled on October 13; however, it was rescheduled for November 18 after Lanez's attorney requested a continuance. Megan was issued a protection order against Lanez, directing him to stay at least 100 yards away from her, and to not contact her. He was also ordered to surrender any guns he owns. In an op-ed for The New York Times, published on October 13, 2020, Megan addressed the shooting allegation further, writing, "Black women are still constantly disrespected and disregarded in so many areas of life. I was recently the victim of an act of violence by a man. After a party, I was shot twice as I walked away from him. We were not in a relationship. Truthfully, I was shocked that I ended up in that place." In April 2022, Lanez was arrested for violating the protection order relating to the case; and he was released shortly after on an increased bond of $350,000. On December 13, 2022, Megan Thee Stallion testified in Lanez's assault trial and stated that she "wish[ed Tory] would have just shot and killed me." On December 23, 2022, a jury convicted Lanez on three felony charges stemming from the shooting: assault with a semiautomatic handgun, having a loaded and unregistered firearm in a vehicle, and gross negligence in discharging his firearm. On August 8, 2023, Tory Lanez was sentenced to 10 years in prison for the shooting. Legal disputes In 2015, Megan was arrested on assault charges after an incident with her ex-boyfriend at SXSW. According to Megan, she found out her boyfriend had cheated and had a baby with another woman, and that when she confronted him about it, he started "pulling and pushing" her, and she started punching him. The charges against Megan were dismissed in April 2016 after her ex-boyfriend failed to appear in court. On October 30, 2024, Megan filed a lawsuit against blogger Milagro Cooper for alleged harassment and "churning out falsehoods" on behalf of Tory Lanez surrounding the his assault on her via firearm. In November 2024, Rapper Plies sued Megan, Glorilla, and Soulja Boy over his song "Me & My Goons" for sampling it while the track was still infringed on Soulja's "Pretty Swag Boy." Lawsuit and departure from 1501 Certified Entertainment In 2020 Megan Thee Stallion filed suit against her record label 1501 Certified Entertainment to renegotiate her contract, after her management company Roc Nation found it "iffy". She started the hashtag "#FreeTheeStallion" to raise awareness of the issue, noting that "[she did not] understand some of the verbiage" when she signed the initial contract with 1501. On March 6, 2020, she released the EP, Suga, against the wishes of 1501, after a judge granted a temporary restraining order against the label. When Megan published Something for Thee Hotties in 2021, the record label did not recognize it as an album, because it has 29 minutes of new material instead of 45, so the rapper would have to release two more albums in addition to Something. On February 18, 2022, Megan filed suit against the label claiming that Something respects the definition of an album with at least 45 minutes of material. On August 12, 2022, the rapper published the second studio album Traumazine, writing with its announcement about the lawsuit, expressing her disappointment and emotional distress at the difficulty she is experiencing in releasing her music, but ending her message to fans with the phrase "we almost out". The week after the album's release, the rapper filed a new complaint, seeking recognition of her performance under the contract, and also asking for $1 million in damages. The label's law firm stated that Megan would be summoned for an in-person deposition in mid-October, and that a ruling would be issued by May 2023. On October 19, 2023, attorneys for 1501 Certified Entertainment confirmed that "Megan Thee Stallion and 1501 Certified are pleased to announce that they have mutually reached a confidential settlement to resolve their legal differences, [...] As part of the arrangement, both parties have agreed to amicably part ways". Shortly after the legal proceedings ended, Megan founded the independent music and entertainment company Hot Girl Productions. On February 2, 2024, Megan signed a distribution deal with Warner Music Group ; her masters and publishing will be released through Hot Girl. Discography Albums Good News Traumazine Megan Filmography Film Television Tours Headlining Hot Girl Summer Tour Supporting Legendary Nights Tour Future Nostalgia Tour Awards and nominations

=== Miley Cyrus ===
Miley Ray Cyrus is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. Regarded as a pop icon, Cyrus has been recognized for her evolving artistry and image reinventions. She is a daughter of singer Billy Ray Cyrus, and deemed one of the few examples of a child star with a successful entertainment career as an adult. Cyrus emerged as a teen idol as the title character in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana , which evolved into a commercially successful franchise. As Hannah Montana, she achieved success on the Billboard charts with two number-one soundtracks. Cyrus's solo career started with the US number-one pop rock albums Meet Miley Cyrus and Breakout . Her EP The Time of Our Lives reached number two in the US. Its lead single "Party in the U.S.A." became one of the best-selling singles of all time, and was certified 14-times platinum in the US. Trying to establish a mature image, she explored dance-pop in Can't Be Tamed , which received mixed reviews. Cyrus later signed to RCA Records and took a new artistic direction with the hip hop and R&B-influenced Bangerz . Her fifth chart-topping album, it yielded the hit single "We Can't Stop" and her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one "Wrecking Ball". She then dabbled in experimental music on Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz , embraced country pop on Younger Now , and delved into rock genres on Plastic Hearts . Shifting to Columbia Records in 2021, Cyrus released her eighth studio album Endless Summer Vacation . Its lead single "Flowers" became internationally successful, marking her second US number-one song, and winning two Grammy Awards, including Record of the Year. As an actress, Cyrus starred in the films Bolt , Hannah Montana: The Movie , The Last Song , LOL , and So Undercover . On television, she was the subject of the documentary Miley: The Movement , led the miniseries Crisis in Six Scenes , served as a coach on two seasons of The Voice , and starred in the "Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too" episode of Black Mirror . She also hosted the holiday special Miley's New Year's Eve Party . Cyrus has received various accolades, including three Grammy Awards, one Brit Award, five Billboard Music Awards, three MTV Video Music Awards, and eight Guinness World Records. She was named a Disney Legend, in recognition for her contributions to The Walt Disney Company. Cyrus was ranked as one of the greatest artists of all time, the ninth-greatest Billboard 200 female artist, and among the greatest pop stars of the 21st century by Billboard, and is the eighth-highest-certified female digital singles artist by the RIAA. She has featured in listicles such as the Time 100 , Forbes Celebrity 100 , and 30 Under 30 . Outside of entertainment, Cyrus founded the non-profit Happy Hippie Foundation in 2014, which focuses on the LGBTQ community and youth homelessness, and was supported by the web video series Backyard Sessions . Early life and career beginnings Destiny Hope Cyrus was born November 23, 1992, in Franklin, Tennessee, to Leticia "Tish" Jean Cyrus and country singer Billy Ray Cyrus. She was born with supraventricular tachycardia, a condition causing an abnormal resting heart rate. Her birth name, Destiny Hope, expressed her parents' belief that she would accomplish great things. Her parents nicknamed her "Smiley", which they later shortened to "Miley", because she often smiled as an infant. In 2008, she legally changed her name to Miley Ray Cyrus; her middle name honors her grandfather, Democratic politician Ronald Ray Cyrus, who was from Kentucky. Cyrus's godmother is singer-songwriter Dolly Parton. Against the advice of her father's record company, Cyrus's parents secretly married on December 28, 1993, a year after her birth. They had two more children, son Braison and daughter Noah. From a previous relationship, her mother has two other children, Brandi and Trace. Her father's first child, Christopher Cody, was born in April 1992 and grew up separately with his mother, waitress Kristin Luckey, in South Carolina. All of Cyrus's maternal siblings are established entertainers. Trace is a vocalist and guitarist for the electronic pop band Metro Station. Noah is an actress and, along with Braison, models, sings, and is a songwriter. Brandi was formerly a musician for the indie rock band Frank + Derol and is a professional DJ. The Cyrus farmhouse is located on 500 acres of land outside Nashville. Cyrus attended Heritage Elementary School in Williamson County while she and her family lived in Thompson's Station, Tennessee. When she was cast in Hannah Montana, the family moved to Los Angeles and she attended Options for Youth Charter Schools studying with a private tutor on set. Raised as a Christian, she was baptized in a Southern Baptist church before moving to Hollywood in 2005. She attended church regularly while growing up and wore a purity ring. In 2001, when Cyrus was eight, she and her family moved to Toronto, Canada, while her father filmed the television series Doc. After Billy Ray Cyrus took her to see a 2001 Mirvish production of Mamma Mia! at the Royal Alexandra Theatre, Miley Cyrus grabbed his arm and told him, "This is what I want to do, daddy. I want to be an actress." She began to take singing and acting lessons at the Armstrong Acting Studio in Toronto. Cyrus's first acting role was as Kylie in her father's television series Doc. In 2003, she received credit under her birth name for her role as "Young Ruthie" in Tim Burton's Big Fish. During this period she auditioned with Taylor Lautner for the feature film The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D. Although she was one of two finalists for the role, she chose to appear in Hannah Montana instead. Her mother took on the role of Miley's manager and worked to acquire a team to build her daughter's career. Cyrus signed with Mitchell Gossett, director of the youth division at Cunningham Escott Slevin Doherty. Gossett is often credited with "discovering" Cyrus and played a key role in her auditioning for Hannah Montana. She later signed with Jason Morey of Morey Management Group to handle her music career; Dolly Parton steered her to him. She hired her father's finance manager as part of her team. Career 2006–2009: Hannah Montana and early musical releases Cyrus auditioned for the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana when she was thirteen years old. She auditioned for the role of the title character's best friend, but was called to audition for the lead role instead seeing her comical performance. Despite being denied the part at first because she was "too small and too young" for the role, she was later cast as the lead because of her singing and goofy acting abilities. The series premiered in March 2006 to the largest audience for a Disney Channel program and quickly ranked among the highest-rated series on basic cable. The success of the series led to Cyrus' being labeled a "teen idol." She toured with the Cheetah Girls as Hannah Montana in September 2006 and performed songs from the show's first season. Walt Disney Records released a soundtrack credited to Cyrus's character in October of that year. The record was both a critical and commercial success, topping the Billboard 200 chart in the United States; it went on to sell over three million copies worldwide. With the release of the soundtrack, Cyrus became the first act within the Walt Disney Company to have deals in television, film, consumer products, and music. Cyrus signed a four-album deal with Hollywood Records to distribute her non-Hannah Montana soundtrack music. She released the two-disc album Hannah Montana 2: Meet Miley Cyrus in June 2007. The first disc was credited as the second soundtrack by "Hannah Montana", while the second disc served as Cyrus's debut studio album. The album became her second to reach the top of the Billboard 200, and has sold over three million copies. Months after the release of the project, "See You Again" was released as the lead single from the album. The song was a commercial success, and has sold over two million copies in the United States since its release. She collaborated with her father on the single "Ready, Set, Don't Go" . Next Cyrus embarked on her highly successful Best of Both Worlds Tour to promote its release. Ticketmaster officials commented that "there [hadn't] been a demand of this level or intensity since The Beatles or Elvis." The tour's success led to the theatrical release of the 3D concert film Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert . While initially intended to be a limited release, the film's success led to a longer run. Cyrus and friend Mandy Jiroux began posting videos on YouTube in February 2008, referring to the clips as "The Miley and Mandy Show"; the videos garnered a large online following. In April 2008, several pictures of Cyrus in her underwear and swimsuit were leaked online by a teenager who hacked her Gmail account. Further controversy erupted when it was reported that the then-15-year-old Cyrus had posed topless during a photo shoot by Annie Leibovitz for Vanity Fair. The New York Times subsequently clarified that although the shot left the impression that Cyrus was bare-breasted, she was wrapped in a bed sheet and was not topless. Cyrus went on to release her second studio album, Breakout , in June of that year. The album earned the highest first-week sales of her career thus far and became her third to top the Billboard 200. Cyrus later starred with John Travolta in the animated film Bolt , her debut as a film actress; she also co-wrote the song "I Thought I Lost You" for the film, which she sings as a duet with Travolta. The film was both a critical and commercial success and earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Original Song. In March 2009, Cyrus released "The Climb" as a single from the soundtrack to the Hannah Montana feature film. It was met with a warm critical and commercial reaction, becoming a crossover hit in both pop and country music formats. The soundtrack, which features the single, went on to become Cyrus's fourth entry to top the Billboard 200; at age 16, she became the youngest artist in history to have four number-one albums on the chart. She released her fourth soundtrack as Hannah Montana in July 2009, which debuted at number two on the Billboard 200. Cyrus later launched her first fashion line, Miley Cyrus and Max Azria, through Walmart. It was promoted by the release of "Party in the U.S.A." and the EP The Time of Our Lives . Cyrus said the record was "a transitioning album [...] really to introduce people to what I want my next record to sound like and with time I will be able to do that a little more." "Party in the U.S.A." became one of Cyrus's most successful singles to date and is considered to be one of her signature songs. She embarked on her first world tour, the Wonder World Tour which was a critical and commercial success. On December 7, 2009, Cyrus performed for Queen Elizabeth II and other members of the British royal family at the Royal Variety Performance in Blackpool, Lancashire. Billboard ranked her as the fourth best-selling female music artist of 2009. 2010–2012: New image with Can't Be Tamed and focus on acting Hoping to foster a more mature image, Cyrus starred in the film The Last Song , based on the Nicholas Sparks novel. It was met with negative critical reviews but was a box office hit. Cyrus further attempted to shift her image with the release of her third studio album, Can't Be Tamed . The album featured a more dance-oriented sound than her prior releases and stirred a considerable amount of controversy over its lyrical content and Cyrus's live performances. It sold 106,000 copies in its first week of release and became her first studio album not to top the Billboard 200 chart in the United States. Cyrus released her final soundtrack as Hannah Montana that October; it was seen as a commercial failure due to its low position on the charts compared to her previous albums. Cyrus was the subject of further controversy when a video posted online in December 2010 showed her, then aged eighteen, smoking salvia with a bong. 2010 ended with her ranking at number thirteen on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list. She embarked on her worldwide Gypsy Heart Tour in April 2011 which had no North American dates; she cited her various controversial moments as the reason, claiming that she only wanted to travel where she felt "the most love". Following the release of Can't Be Tamed, Cyrus officially parted ways with Hollywood Records. With her obligations to Hannah Montana fulfilled, Cyrus announced her plans to take a hiatus from music so she could focus on her acting career. She confirmed she would not be going to college. Cyrus hosted the March 5, 2011, episode of Saturday Night Live where she poked fun at her recent controversies. That November it was announced that Cyrus would be the voice of Mavis in the animated film Hotel Transylvania; however by February 2012 she was dropped from the project and replaced with Selena Gomez. At the time Cyrus said her reason for leaving the movie was wanting to work on her music; later it was revealed the real reason behind her exit was because she bought her then-boyfriend Liam Hemsworth a birthday cake shaped like a penis and licked it. She made an appearance on the MTV television series Punk'd with Kelly Osbourne and Khloé Kardashian. Cyrus starred alongside Demi Moore in the independent film LOL . The film had a limited release; it was a critical and commercial failure. She starred in the comedy film So Undercover playing the role of an undercover FBI agent at a college sorority. Cyrus released a string of live performances known as the Backyard Sessions on YouTube during the spring and summer of 2012; the performances were of classic songs she personally liked. Having begun working on a failed fourth album the previous year, Cyrus resumed working on a new musical project in late 2012. She collaborated with producers Rock Mafia on their song "Morning Sun" , which was made available for free download online. She had previously appeared in the music video for their debut single, "The Big Bang" . Cyrus later provided guest vocals on "Decisions" by Borgore. Both Cyrus and Hemsworth appeared in the song's music video. She went on to guest star as Missi in two episodes of the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men. Cyrus drew significant media attention when she cut her traditionally long, brown hair in favor of a blonde, pixie cut; she commented that she had "never felt more [herself] in [her] whole life" and that "it really changed [her] life." 2013–2015: Bangerz and Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz In 2013, Cyrus hired Larry Rudolph to be her manager, best known for previously representing Britney Spears. It was confirmed that Cyrus had signed with RCA Records for her future releases. She worked with producers such as Pharrell Williams and Mike Will Made-It on her fourth studio album, resulting in a hip hop-influenced sound. She collaborated with numerous hip hop artists releases and appeared on the Snoop Lion song "Ashtrays and Heartbreaks" , released as the lead single from his twelfth studio album, Reincarnated. She collaborated with will.i.am on the song "Fall Down" , released as a promotional single that same month. The song entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number fifty-eight, marking her first appearance on the chart since "Can't Be Tamed" . She provided guest vocals on the Lil Twist song "Twerk", which also featured vocals by Justin Bieber. The song was unreleased for unknown reasons but leaked online. On May 23, 2013, it was confirmed that Cyrus would be featured on the Mike Will Made It single "23", with Wiz Khalifa and Juicy J. The single went on to peak at number eleven on the Hot 100, and had sold over one million copies worldwide as of 2013. Cyrus released her new single "We Can't Stop" on June 3. Touted as her comeback single, it became a worldwide commercial success, topping charts in territories such as the United Kingdom. The song's music video set the Vevo record for most views within twenty-four hours of release and became the first to reach 100 million views on the site. Cyrus performed with Robin Thicke at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, a performance that resulted in widespread media attention and public scrutiny. Her simulated sex acts with a foam finger were described as "disturbing" and the whole performance as "cringe-worthy". Cyrus released "Wrecking Ball" as the second single from Bangerz on the same day as the VMAs. The accompanying music video, which showed her swinging naked on a wrecking ball, was viewed over nineteen million times within 24 hours of its release, and drew criticism from some for allegedly objectifying Cyrus, including fellow singer Sinéad O’Connor, who said that "you will obscure your talent by allowing yourself to be pimped, whether it's the music business or yourself doing the pimping". Despite this, the single became Cyrus's first to top the Hot 100 in the US, and maintained the number-one spot for three weeks. It sold over two million copies. On October 2, 2013, MTV aired the documentary Miley: The Movement, that chronicled the recording of her fourth studio album Bangerz, which was released on October 4. The album was a commercial success, debuting at number one on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 270,000 copies. On October 5, Cyrus hosted Saturday Night Live for the second time. On November 5, Cyrus featured on rapper Future's "Real and True" with Mr. Hudson; an accompanying music video premiered five days later on November 10, 2013. In late 2013 she was declared Artist of the Year by MTV. On January 29, 2014, she played an acoustic concert show on MTV Unplugged, performing songs from Bangerz featuring a guest appearance by Madonna. It became the highest-rated MTV Unplugged in the past decade, with over 1.7 million streams. Cyrus was also featured in the Marc Jacobs Spring 2014 campaign along with Natalie Westling and Esmerelda Seay Reynolds. She launched her controversial Bangerz Tour that year, which was positively received by critics. Two months into her tour, Cyrus's Alaskan Klee Kai was found mauled to death at her home after fighting with a coyote. Two weeks later, Cyrus suffered an allergic reaction to the antibiotic cephalexin, prescribed to treat a sinus infection, resulting in her hospitalization in Kansas City. Though she rescheduled some of her US tour dates, she resumed the tour two weeks later, beginning with the European leg. While collaborating with the Flaming Lips on their remake of the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, With a Little Help from My Fwends, Cyrus began working with Wayne Coyne on her fifth studio album. She said that she was taking her time to focus on the music, and that the album would not be released until she felt it was ready. Coyne compared his collaborative material with Cyrus to the catalogs of Pink Floyd and Portishead and described their sound as being "a slightly wiser, sadder, more true version" of Cyrus's pop music output. Cyrus also worked on the films The Night Before and A Very Murray Christmas during this period; both roles were cameos. Reports began to surface in 2015 that Cyrus was working on two albums simultaneously, one of which she hoped to release at no charge. This was confirmed by her manager who claimed she was willing to end her contract with RCA Records if they refused to let her release a free album. Cyrus was the host of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards, making her its first openly pansexual host, and gave a surprise performance of a new song "Dooo It!" during the show's finale. Immediately following the performance, Cyrus announced that her fifth studio album, Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz , was available for free streaming on SoundCloud. The album was written and produced primarily by Cyrus, and has been called experimental and psychedelic, with elements of psychedelic pop, psychedelic rock, and alternative pop. 2016–2017: The Voice and Younger Now In 2016, following the release of her fifth studio album the previous year, Cyrus resumed working on her sixth studio effort. She was a key advisor during the tenth season of the reality singing competition The Voice. In March, Cyrus had signed on as a coach for the eleventh season of The Voice as a replacement for Gwen Stefani; Cyrus became the youngest coach to appear in any incarnation of the series. In September 2016, Cyrus co-starred in Crisis in Six Scenes, a television series Woody Allen created for Amazon Studios. She played a radical activist who causes chaos in a conservative 1960s household while hiding from the police. On September 17, 2016, she appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and covered Bob Dylan's "Baby, I'm In the Mood for You". Cyrus also had an uncredited voice cameo as Mainframe in the superhero film Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, released in May 2017. On May 11, 2017, Cyrus released "Malibu" as the lead single from her sixth album. The single debuted at No. 64 on the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at No. 10 on the chart on its second week. On June 9, Cyrus released "Inspired" after performing the song at the One Love Manchester benefit concert. It served as a promotional single from the album. On August 8, Cyrus announced that her sixth studio album would be titled Younger Now and would be released on September 29, 2017. The album's title track was released as the second single from the album on August 18 and debuted and peaked at No. 79 on the Billboard Hot 100. On August 27, Cyrus performed the track at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards. On September 15, she performed "Malibu", "Younger Now", "See You Again", "Party in the U.S.A." and a cover of the Roberta Flack hit "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" for the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge. On October 2, as part of her one-week regular musical appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Cyrus sang her 2009 hit single "The Climb" for the first time since 2011 alongside a cover of "No Freedom" by Dido to honor the victims of the Las Vegas shooting. The former song has since been performed at multiple charity events, protests, and marches, including at the March For Our Lives demonstrations in Washington, D.C. That same year, Cyrus returned as a coach in the thirteenth season of The Voice after taking a one-season hiatus. On October 5, 2017, Cyrus confirmed that she would not be returning to The Voice for season fourteen. On October 30, 2017, Cyrus revealed she would not release any further singles from Younger Now, nor would she tour for it. 2018–2019: She Is Coming and Black Mirror Before the release of Younger Now in September 2017, Cyrus expressed she was "already two songs deep on the next [album]." Producers attached to her seventh studio album included previous collaborator Mike Will Made It and new collaborators Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt. Her first collaboration with Ronson, "Nothing Breaks Like a Heart" from his 2019 album Late Night Feelings, was released on November 29, 2018, to great commercial reception, especially in Europe, where it peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart as well as in Ireland and topped the charts in several Eastern European countries including Hungary or Croatia. During the first quarter of 2019, Cyrus became quite notable for her cover songs. Having already taken part in MusiCares Person of the Year in 2018 celebrating Fleetwood Mac, she returned the year after to honor the career of her godmother Dolly Parton by performing "Islands in the Stream" alongside Canadian singer-songwriter Shawn Mendes, with who she also performed "In My Blood" a couple days later at the 61st Grammy Awards. Cyrus's other covers include her version of Ariana Grande's "No Tears Left to Cry" for BBC Radio's Live Lounge, her participation at the Chris Cornell tribute concert I Am The Highway, where she sang "As Hope & Promise Fade" as well as her cover record of Elton John's "Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me", included in the tribute album Revamp: Reimagining the Songs of Elton John & Bernie Taupin. Cyrus also honored John at the I'm Still Standing: A Grammy Salute to Elton John tribute concert in 2018, where she covered "The Bitch Is Back". On May 31, 2019, Cyrus tweeted that her seventh studio album would be titled She Is Miley Cyrus and would comprise three six-song EPs, which would be released before the full-length album: She Is Coming on May 31, She Is Here in the summer, and She Is Everything in the fall. She Is Coming, which also included vocal collaborations with RuPaul, Swae Lee, Mike Will Made It and Ghostface Killah, debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 36,000 album-equivalent units, while the lead single "Mother's Daughter" entered at number 54 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The Wuki remix of "Mother's Daughter" received a nomination for Best Remixed Recording at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards while the original music video won two MTV Video Music Awards. Cyrus promoted the EP with a summer European tour that visited A-list festivals like Glastonbury and Primavera Sound. Cyrus starred in "Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too", an episode of the Netflix sci-fi series Black Mirror, which was filmed in South Africa in November 2018. It was released on Netflix on June 5, 2019. In the episode, she played fictional pop star Ashley O and voiced her AI doll extension, Ashley Too. The plot was compared to Britney Spears's conservatorship and the Free Britney movement, which Cyrus has been an advocate for. The music video for the song "On a Roll" from the episode was released on June 13; the song itself and the B-side "Right Where I Belong" were released to digital platforms the next day. On June 27, it was revealed that Cyrus had collaborated with Ariana Grande and Lana Del Rey on "Don't Call Me Angel", the lead single of the soundtrack to the 2019 film Charlie's Angels. It was released on September 13, 2019. In August 2019, Cyrus released "Slide Away", her first song since announcing her separation from then-husband Hemsworth. The song hinted at their breakup and contained lyrics such as "Move on, we're not 17, I'm not who I used to be". A music video was released in September 2019 that contained further references, including a ten of hearts playing card at the bottom of a pool to represent the end of her decade-long relationship with Hemsworth. 2020–2022: Plastic Hearts and television projects On August 14, 2020, Cyrus released the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Midnight Sky" and confirmed the cancellation of the EPs She Is Here and She Is Everything due to major recent changes in her life that did not fit the essence of the project, including her divorce from Hemsworth, and the burning of the couple's house during the Woolsey Fire in California. "Midnight Sky" became her highest-charting solo single since "Malibu" in 2017, peaking at number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Internationally, in the United Kingdom the song has thus far peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart. The track was later mashed up with Stevie Nicks' "Edge of Seventeen". In October, Cyrus had a third Backyard Session on MTV and announced via Instagram that her seventh studio album Plastic Hearts would be released on November 27, 2020. It was previously intended to be called She Is Miley Cyrus, completing the EP series once finalized. The album was released to positive reviews from critics and performed well, debuting at number two on the Billboard 200, with 60,000 units, becoming her twelfth top ten entry on the chart. With that entry, Cyrus broke the record for attaining the most US Billboard 200 top-five albums in the 21st century by a female music artist. Plastic Hearts marked a step of Cyrus into rock and glam rock music and spawned two other singles: "Prisoner" featuring English singer Dua Lipa and "Angels like You", which peaked at 8 and 66 respectively in the United Kingdom. The album also included vocal collaborations with Billy Idol and Joan Jett. Due to popular demand and social media virality, Cyrus included the live covers of Blondie's "Heart of Glass" and The Cranberries' "Zombie". Cyrus won a 2020 Webby Special Achievement Award. In February 2021, Cyrus performed at the first TikTok Tailgate show in Tampa, for 7,500 vaccinated healthcare workers. It served as a pre-show before Super Bowl LV. It aired on TikTok and CBS. The performance was featured in the music video for "Angels like You". In March 2021, Cyrus departed RCA and signed with Columbia Records, a sister label of RCA under the Sony Music umbrella. That same month Cyrus embraced her days as Hannah Montana and wrote an open letter to the character on social media for the show's 15th anniversary, despite all statements that her days as Montana gave Cyrus an identity crisis. Rumors about a possible revival of the show have been around ever since. On April 23, 2021, The Kid Laroi released a remix of his single "Without You" featuring Cyrus, her first release under Columbia Records. On April 3, 2021, Cyrus performed at the NCAA March Madness Final Four in Indianapolis with the frontline health care workers in the audience. In May 2021, Cyrus signed an overall deal with NBCUniversal, including a first-look deal with her studio Hopetown Entertainment, as part of which she will develop projects for the company's outlets and star in three specials; with the first project off the deal being the Stand By You Pride concert special, which was released the following month on Peacock. In June, Cyrus released a studio cover version of Metallica's "Nothing Else Matters", which was included in The Metallica Blacklist, a tribute album to the band's homonymous record, featuring renditions recorded by various artists and released in conjunction to the original album's 30th anniversary. The track also features Elton John on the piano, Yo-Yo Ma and Red Hot Chili Peppers' Chad Smith. The singer initially teased a Metallica cover album in October 2020 and had already performed the track live during her set at Glastonbury. To promote Plastic Hearts, Cyrus teased a concert tour around the album's release. The tour was postponed due to the pandemic but Cyrus was able to headline several music festivals in the country during summer 2021, including Austin City Limits, Lollapalooza, and Music Midtown. Later that year, she revealed she would tour South America for the first time in seven years in early 2022. The second special off her deal with NBCUniversal was Miley's New Year's Eve Party, which Cyrus co-hosted from Miami with Saturday Night Live cast member Pete Davidson and also co-executive produced under her production company Hopetown Entertainment, featuring performances by Cyrus, 24kGoldn, Anitta, Billie Joe Armstrong, Brandi Carlile, Jack Harlow, Kitty Cash, and Saweetie. In February 2022, Cyrus embarked on her music festival concert tour, Attention Tour, in support of Plastic Hearts, which took place in North, South, and Central America. This marked her first tour to South America since her Gypsy Heart Tour in 2011. The tour concluded on March 26, 2022. On April 1, 2022, Cyrus released her third live album, Attention: Miley Live. Most of the album was recorded during her concert as part of the Super Bowl Music Fest at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on February 12, 2022, with the set list including songs from her albums Plastic Hearts, Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz, Bangerz, The Time of Our Lives, Breakout, and Meet Miley Cyrus, along with multiple cover songs. The album also includes two unreleased tracks—"Attention" and "You". She said the album was "curated by the fans for the fans". Emily Swingle of Clash gave acclaim to Cyrus's versatile vocals, saying her "voice is truly a force to be reckoned with, seamlessly fitting whatever genre she chooses to tackle. From the playful, country-hip-hop banger that is '4x4', to rap-heavy '23', to the bluesy, rich cover of Janis Joplin's 'Maybe', it seems like Cyrus can fit into just about any genre she gets her paws on." By the end of that month, Cyrus released the deluxe version of the album, which includes six additional songs including a mashup of "Mother's Daughter" and "Boys Don't Cry" featuring Anitta, that are mostly part of her time at the Lollapalooza festival in Brazil and other shows in Latin America; she commented on the addition of her single "Angels Like You" at her concert in Colombia in gratitude due to the song reaching the number one spot on iTunes in that country and because her fans sang the song all night outside the hotel where she was staying in Bogotá. The following month, NBC announced that Miley's New Year's Eve Party had been renewed for a second iteration set to be aired on New Year's Eve 2022–23. In August 2022, it was announced that Cyrus was set to star in a Christmas television film Dolly Parton's Mountain Magic Christmas, produced by Dolly Parton for NBC. 2023–present: Endless Summer Vacation and Something Beautiful In late 2022, Cyrus and her longtime collaborator Mike Will Made It teased new music to be released in 2023. Days later, during the second edition of Miley's New Year's Eve Party, the singer's next lead single, "Flowers", was announced. It was released on January 13, 2023, and debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, Global 200, and Global Excl. US charts. With thirteen weeks each atop the Global 200 and Global Excl. US charts, it became the longest-running leader on the former chart, at the time. Topping the Hot 100 for eight non-consecutive weeks, it marked Cyrus's second US number-one single—her first in a decade, since "Wrecking Ball" —and her longest-running chart-topper. "Flowers" became a global success topping the charts in 37 countries, including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and the UK. It was 2023's most-streamed and most-downloaded song on various platforms in numerous countries, and the most-consumed song on US radio. On Spotify, the single became the fastest track to surpass 100 million and 1 billion plays , at the time. Due to 57 weeks atop the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart, it became the longest-running number one song on any Billboard airplay chart in history. It also earned the most cumulative weeks atop all Billboard airplay charts of all time. "Flowers" topped the year-end charts in various regions, and ranked as the second best-performing song of the year on the year-end Hot 100 chart of 2023. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , it was the best-selling song in 2023 globally. A demo version of the track was made available on March 3, 2023. "Flowers" was certified seven-times platinum by the RIAA in March 2025. Cyrus's eighth studio album, Endless Summer Vacation, was released on March 10, 2023. She produced it with Kid Harpoon, Greg Kurstin, Mike Will Made It, and Tyler Johnson. Cyrus's first studio effort with Columbia Records, she described the record as "[her] love letter to LA", which reflects upon physical and mental growth she experienced during production. Cyrus decided to primarily focus on songcraft, before handling production, on the album—a pop and dance-pop record. It debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 119,000 album-equivalent units, marking Cyrus's tenth top-five and fourteenth top-ten entry on the chart. "River", the second single off the record, was released on March 13, 2023, and reached number 32 on the US Hot 100. "Jaded", which peaked at number 56, became the third single in April 2023. Endless Summer Vacation was the 19th best-selling album globally in 2023, according to the IFPI. A documentary concert special—as part of Cyrus's Backyard Sessions series—titled Endless Summer Vacation , premiered on Disney+ on March 10, accompanying the album's release. Executive produced by Cyrus, it features her performing songs from the album, and her 2009 single "The Climb", with an appearance by Rufus Wainwright. In June, she voiced Van, a nihilistic female creature, in the second season of the Netflix adult animated sitcom Human Resources. An updated version of Cyrus's Disney+ special, titled Endless Summer Vacation: Continued , premiered on ABC on August 24, 2023. The day after, Cyrus released the single "Used to Be Young", which was included in the digital reissue of Endless Summer Vacation and debuted at number eight in the US. On October 20, Dolly Parton released a rock re-recording of Cyrus's "Wrecking Ball" featuring her as a guest vocalist, as the final single off her studio album Rockstar . Billboard ranked Cyrus as the ninth-best-selling musician of 2023. At the 66th Annual Grammy Awards, Cyrus received six nominations, including Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album for Endless Summer Vacation, and won Record of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for "Flowers"—her first set of wins. She appeared in a cameo role as Tiffany Plastercaster—inspired by Cynthia Plaster Caster—in the Ethan Coen-directed comedy road film Drive-Away Dolls, released in February 2024. Cyrus then featured on "Doctor " by Pharrell Williams, an outtake from her fourth album Bangerz . Leaked online in 2017, the track was reworked and re-recorded before being released on March 1, 2024. Cyrus was then featured on the duet "II Most Wanted" from Beyoncé's album Cowboy Carter. It was released as the album's third single in April 2024, and reached the top ten in the US, the UK, and on the Global 200. "II Most Wanted" won Best Country Duo/Group Performance at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards, marking Cyrus's third career-win. As one of 16 acts featured on the Talking Heads tribute album Everyone's Getting Involved: A Tribute to Talking Heads' Stop Making Sense, Cyrus provided a synth-driven dance-pop rendition of the band's "Psycho Killer". The album was released in May 2024. On the soundtrack album to the Gia Coppola-directed The Last Showgirl, Cyrus co-wrote and recorded "Beautiful That Way"; it was released a promotional single on December 9. It won Best Original Song in an Independent Film at the 15th Hollywood Music in Media Awards, and was nominated for Best Original Song at the 82nd Golden Globe Awards and Best Song at the 30th Critics' Choice Awards. Cyrus performed covers of "Crazy Little Thing Called Love" and "Nothing Compares 2 U" with Brittany Howard, and "Flowers" on SNL50: The Homecoming Concert and Saturday Night Live 50th Anniversary Special in February 2025. Her ninth studio album, Something Beautiful, will be released on May 30, 2025. Co-produced by Cyrus and Shawn Everett, the former described it as an album centered around the theme of "healing". A musical film of the same name, co-directed by Cyrus, Jacob Bixenman, and Brendan Walter will be theatrically released by Columbia Records in June 2025 as a visual companion to the record. Co-produced by Cyrus, XYZ Films, Panos Cosmatos, and Live Nation Entertainment, the visual album was called a "one of a kind pop opera". Artistry Musical style and influence Miley Cyrus has been described mainly as a pop singer who has also developed a rock style. Her music has also spanned many other different genres including teen pop, country, hip hop, and psychedelic. Cyrus has cited Elvis Presley as her biggest inspiration. She has also cited artists such as Madonna, Lana Del Rey, Dolly Parton, Timbaland, Whitney Houston, Christina Aguilera, Joan Jett, Lil Kim, Shania Twain, Hanson, OneRepublic, and Britney Spears as influences. Since the beginning of her music career, Cyrus has been described as being predominantly a pop artist. Her Hannah Montana 2: Meet Miley Cyrus debut studio effort was characterized as sounding similar to her releases as "Hannah Montana" featuring a pop-rock and bubblegum pop sound. Cyrus hoped that the release of Breakout would help distance her from this sound; the record featured Cyrus experimenting with various genres. Cyrus co-wrote eight songs for the album and was quoted as saying: "I just hope this record showcases that, more than anything, I'm a [song]writer." The songs on her early releases feature lyrics on the topics of love and relationships. Cyrus possesses a mezzo-soprano vocal range, although her vocals were once described as alto with a "Nashville twang" in both her spoken and singing voice. Her voice has a distinctive raspy sound to it, similar in vein to that of Pink and Amy Winehouse. On "Party in the U.S.A." , her vocals feature belter refrains, while those on the song "Obsessed" are described as "husky". Releases such as "The Climb" and "These Four Walls" feature elements of country music and showcase Cyrus's "twangy vocals". Cyrus experimented with an electropop sound on "Fly on the Wall" , a genre that she would explore further with the release of Can't Be Tamed , her third studio album. It was initially intended to feature rock elements prior to its completion, and Cyrus claimed after its release that it could be her final pop album. The album's songs speak of Cyrus's desire to achieve freedom in both her personal and professional life. She began working on Bangerz during a musical hiatus, and described the record as having a "dirty south feel" prior to its release. Critics noted the use of hip hop and synthpop on the album. The album's songs are placed in chronological order telling the story of her failed relationship with Liam Hemsworth. Cyrus described Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz as "a little psychedelic, but still in that pop world". For her rock-influenced album, Plastic Hearts, Cyrus cited Britney Spears and Metallica as major influences. Inspired by pop and dance-pop, Endless Summer Vacation "feels like a recap of her career's 15-plus years, with Cyrus breezing through genres with the ease of a well-seasoned tourist." Cyrus related its overall concept to her affection for Los Angeles. Stage performances Cyrus's controversial musical performances have received significant media attention, including on her Bangerz Tour and Milky Milky Milk Tour . Her performance of "Party in the U.S.A." at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards sparked a "national uproar" because of her outfit and perceived pole dancing. She faced similar controversy over her performance of "Can't Be Tamed" on Britain's Got Talent, where the singer pretended to kiss one of her female backup dancers onstage; she defended the performance, arguing that she did nothing wrong. Cyrus became the subject of media and public scrutiny following her performance of "We Can't Stop" and "Blurred Lines" with Robin Thicke at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. Clad in a flesh-colored latex two-piece, she touched Thicke's crotch area with a giant foam finger and twerked against his crotch. The performance resulted in a media frenzy; one reviewer likened the performance to a "bad acid trip", while another described it as a "trainwreck in the classic sense of the word as the audience reaction seemed to be a mix of confusion, dismay and horror in a cocktail of embarrassment". Cyrus entered the stage of her Bangerz Tour by sliding down a slide in the shape of a tongue, and draw media attention during the tour for her unique outfits and racy performances. Public image In the early years of her career, Cyrus had a generally wholesome image as a teen idol. Her fame increased dramatically in the wake of the Vanity Fair photo scandal in 2008, and it was reported that photographs of Cyrus could be sold to photo agencies for up to $2,000 per photo. In subsequent years, her image continued to shift dramatically from her teen idol status. In 2008, Donny Osmond wrote of Cyrus's imminent transition to adulthood: "Miley will have to face adulthood... As she does, she'll want to change her image, and that change will be met with adversity." The release of her 2010 album Can't Be Tamed saw Cyrus officially attempting to distance herself from her teenage persona by releasing controversial music videos for her songs "Can't Be Tamed" and "Who Owns My Heart". Her behavior throughout 2013 and 2014 sparked a substantial amount of controversy, although her godmother Dolly Parton said "...the girl can write. The girl can sing. The girl is smart. And she doesn't have to be so drastic. But I will respect her choices. I did it my way, so why can't she do it her way?" Liel Leibovitz at Tablet noted in 2013: "Talking to the website Hunger, the singer argued that those adults who deem her gyrations too sultry and her music too saccharine were simply too ancient—and Jewish—to get it. 'With magazines, with movies, it's always weird when things are targeted for young people yet they're driven by people that are like 40 years too old', Cyrus opined. And one group stands out in [her] mind as deserving of most of the blame: 'It can't be like this 70-year-old Jewish man that doesn’t leave his desk all day, telling me what the clubs want to hear.'" Cyrus was ranked number 17 on Forbes's list of the most powerful celebrities in 2014; the magazine notes that "The last time she made our list was when she was still rolling in Hannah Montana money. Now the pop singer is all grown up and courting controversy at every turn." In August 2014, her life was documented in a comic book titled Fame: Miley Cyrus; it begins with her controversial 2013 MTV Video Music Awards performance and covers her Disney fame as well as exploring her childhood in Tennessee. The comic book was written by Michael L. Frizell, drawn by Juan Luis Rincón, and is available in both print and digital formats. In September 2010, Cyrus placed tenth on Billboard's first-ever edition of its 21 Under 21 listicle; she was ranked twenty-first in 2011 and eighteenth in 2012. In 2013, Maxim listed Cyrus as number one on their annual Hot 100 list. Cyrus was chosen by Time magazine as one of the finalists for Person of the Year in November 2013; she came in third place with 16.3% of the staff vote. In March 2014, Skidmore College in New York began to offer a special topics sociology course entitled "The Sociology of Miley Cyrus: Race, Class, Gender and Media" which was "using Miley as a lens through which to explore sociological thinking about identity, entertainment, media and fame". In 2015, Cyrus was listed as one of the nine runners-up for The Advocate's Person of the Year. In March 2024, to commemorate the 65th anniversary of International Women's Day, Cyrus was one of a number of celebrities who had their likeness turned into Bratz doll. Personal life Cyrus resides in Hidden Hills, California, and also owns a $5.8 million home in her hometown of Franklin. She was raised as a Christian and identified herself as such during her childhood and early adult life, but she included references to Tibetan Buddhism in her 2015 song "Milky Milky Milk" and is also influenced by Hindu beliefs. Since 2019, she has been a vocally childfree person. Sexuality and gender Cyrus came out to her mother at age 14 and has said: "I never want to label myself! I am ready to love anyone that loves me for who I am! I am open." In June 2015, Time magazine reported that she identified as gender fluid. She said she "doesn't relate to being boy or girl, and I don't have to have my partner relate to boy or girl", adding that she is "literally open to every single thing that is consenting and doesn't involve an animal and everyone is of age". Cyrus is a supporter of the LGBT community. Her 2010 song "My Heart Beats for Love" was written for one of her gay friends, and she has since said London is her favorite place to perform due to its extensive gay scene. Cyrus has an equals sign tattooed on her ring finger in support of same-sex marriage. After her 2018 marriage to a man, Cyrus went on record to say she still identified as queer. In 2014, she founded the Happy Hippie Foundation, which works to "fight injustice facing homeless youth, LGBTQ youth and other vulnerable populations". Veganism Cyrus became a vegan and stopped eating animal products in 2014. In 2020, she said on The Joe Rogan Experience that she had to switch to a pescatarian diet after suffering from omega-3 deficiency: "I've been a vegan for a very long time and I had to introduce fish and omegas into my life because my brain wasn't functioning properly." Cyrus said she cried when eating her first fish after her vegan diet, saying "I cried for the fish ... it really hurts me to eat fish." Her decision to quit being vegan sparked backlash from people in the vegan and vegetarian community, who accused Cyrus of "spreading misinformation about omega-3" and "abandoning her vegan diet". Cannabis use Cyrus has been open about her recreational use of cannabis. She told Rolling Stone in 2013 that it was "the best drug on earth" and called it, along with MDMA, a "happy drug". While accepting the Best Video Award at the 2013 MTV Europe Music Awards, Cyrus appeared to smoke a joint onstage; this was removed from the delayed broadcast of the show in the United States. In a 2014 interview with W magazine, Cyrus said "I love weed" and "I just love getting stoned." In a 2017 interview on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, she said she had quit cannabis before the press tour for Younger Now so she could be "super clear" when discussing the record. In May 2018, she told Jimmy Kimmel: "I also think it's the most magical, amazing... it's my first and true love. It's just not for me right now at this time in my life, but I'm sure there will be a day I will happily indulge." During a December 2018 interview with Andy Cohen, she credited her mother for reintroducing her to cannabis. In 2019, Cyrus sent "Nothing Breaks Like a Heart" collaborator Mark Ronson a cannabis bouquet from Lowell Herb Co as a tongue-in-cheek Valentine's Day gift. She invested in the company in August. Before and shortly after vocal cord surgery in November 2019, Cyrus said she had abstained from cannabis and alcohol. Relationships Cyrus has said that she dated singer-actor Nick Jonas from June 2006 to December 2007, claiming they were "in love" and began dating soon after they first met. Their relationship attracted considerable media attention. Cyrus was in a nine-month relationship with model Justin Gaston from 2008 to 2009. In 2009, while filming The Last Song, she began an on-again, off-again relationship with her co-star Liam Hemsworth. During the breakups, Cyrus was romantically linked to actors Lucas Till and Josh Bowman . Cyrus and Hemsworth were first engaged from May 2012 to September 2013. She has also dated actor Patrick Schwarzenegger and model Stella Maxwell . Cyrus and Hemsworth rekindled their relationship in March 2016, and got engaged again that October. In November 2018, their home burned down in the Woolsey Fire in California. On December 23, Cyrus and Hemsworth married in a private ceremony at their home in Nashville. She said her marriage redefined "what it looks like for someone that's a queer person like me to be in a hetero relationship" while "still very sexually attracted to women". Cyrus said the ceremony was "kind of out of character for me" because they had "worn rings forever [and] definitely didn't need it in any way". She believed the loss of their home to be the catalyst for the wedding, saying "the timing felt right" and that "no one is promised the next day, or the next, so I try to be 'in the now' as much as possible". On August 10, 2019, Cyrus announced their separation; on August 21, Hemsworth filed for divorce, citing "irreconcilable differences". Their divorce was finalized on January 28, 2020. After announcing her separation from Hemsworth, Cyrus dated Kaitlynn Carter from August to September 2019. In October 2019, Cyrus began dating Australian singer Cody Simpson, a longtime friend. In August 2020, Cyrus announced that she and Simpson had split up. Her announcement coincided with the release of her single "Midnight Sky", which was inspired by her breakups with Hemsworth, Carter, and Simpson. In 2021, Cyrus began dating American musician Maxx Morando, who worked as a producer on her 2023 album Endless Summer Vacation. Philanthropy Throughout her career Cyrus has sung on several charity singles such as: "Just Stand Up!", "Send It On", "Everybody Hurts" and "We Are the World 25 for Haiti". She is an avid supporter of the City of Hope National Medical Center in California, having attended benefit concerts in 2008, 2009 and 2012. In 2008 and 2009, during her Best of Both Worlds and Wonder World Tours, for every concert ticket sold, she donated one dollar to the organization. Cyrus celebrated her 16th birthday at Disneyland by delivering a US$1 million donation from Disney to Youth Service America. In July 2009, Cyrus performed at the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation's 20th annual Time for Heroes celebrity picnic and donated several items including autographed merchandise, and a script from Hannah Montana for the Ronald McDonald House Auction. Cyrus has supported charities including the Elton John AIDS Foundation, Entertainment Industry Foundation, Habitat for Humanity, United Service Organizations, Youth Service America and Music for Relief. In January 2010, Cyrus posted the final video to her mileymandy YouTube Account. In the video, Cyrus promoted support for To Write Love on Her Arms, and the next day appeared in a promotional video for the film with Joaquin Phoenix, and Liv Tyler. In February 2010, she donated several items, including the dress she wore to the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, and two tickets to the Hollywood premiere of her film The Last Song, to raise money for the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In April 2010, Cyrus, working with the Make-A-Wish Foundation, performed for and met with 29 children at The Grove at Farmers Market in Los Angeles, California. Cyrus continued to support The Make-A-Wish Foundation, and met with at least 150 children. In January 2011, Cyrus met an ailing fan with spina bifida with the charity Kids Wish Network. In April 2011, she appeared in a commercial for the American Red Cross asking people to pledge $10 to help those affected by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. That same year, Hilary Duff presented Cyrus with the first-ever Global Action Youth Leadership Award at the first Annual Global Action Awards Gala for her support of Blessings in a Backpack, an organization that works to feed hungry children in schools, and her personal Get Ur Good On campaign with the Youth Services of America. Cyrus stated: "I want to do something they love. Not something that seems like a chore because someone tells them that's the right thing to do or what their parents want or what's important to people around them, but what's in their heart." In December 2011, she appeared in a commercial for the charity J/P Haitian Relief Organization, and teamed up with her elder brother Trace Cyrus to design a limited-edition T-shirt and hoodie for charity. All proceeds from the sale of these items went to her charity, Get Ur Good On, which supports education for under-privileged children. That month, she performed "The Climb" at the CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles. In 2012, Cyrus released a cover version of Bob Dylan's "You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go" with Johnzo West for the charity Amnesty International as a part of the album Chimes of Freedom. She also appeared in a commercial for the Rock the Vote campaign, which encouraged young people to make their voices heard by voting in the 2012 federal election. For her 20th birthday, activists at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals adopted a pig called Nora in her name. Cyrus also supports 39 well-known charities, including Make-a-Wish Foundation, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital, To Write Love on Her Arms, NOH8 Campaign, Love Is Louder Than the Pressure to Be Perfect and The Jed Foundation. In 2013, Cyrus was named the fourteenth-most-charitable celebrity of the year by Do Something. She also appeared with Justin Bieber and Pitbull in a television special entitled The Real Change Project: Artists for Education. On August 28, 2014, Miley appeared alongside Justin Timberlake at an HIV/AIDS charity event in the White House. At the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, Cyrus won Video of the Year for her song Wrecking Ball. Instead of accepting the award herself, she invited a 22-year-old homeless man by the name of Jesse to collect it on her behalf; she had met him at My Friend's Place, an organization that helps homeless youth find shelter, work, health care, and education. His acceptance speech urged musicians to learn more about youth homelessness in Los Angeles through Cyrus's Facebook page. Cyrus then launched a Prizeo campaign to raise funds for the charity; those who made donations were entered into a sweepstake for a chance to meet Cyrus on her Bangerz Tour in Rio de Janeiro that September. In early 2015, Cyrus teamed up with MAC Cosmetics to launch her own branded Viva Glam lipstick, with proceeds to the Mac AIDS Fund. In June 2017, Cyrus performed at One Love Manchester, a televised benefit concert organized by Ariana Grande following the Manchester Arena bombing on her concert two weeks earlier. During an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in August 2017, Cyrus said that she would donate $500,000 to Hurricane Harvey relief efforts. In August 2019, she performed at the Sunny Hill Festival in Kosovo, a festival to raise funds to help people with financial difficulties there, created by Dua Lipa and her father. In September 2019, Cyrus met with another fan through the Make-A-Wish Foundation at the 2019 iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada. Cyrus and her boyfriend Cody Simpson donated 120 tacos to healthcare workers amid the COVID-19 pandemic in April 2020. That same month, she partnered again with MAC Cosmetics's annual Viva Glam campaign to donate $10 million toward 250 local organizations nationwide heavily impacted by the pandemic. Cyrus showed support for the Black Lives Matter movement by sharing links and resources on social media, donning a Black Lives Matter face mask, and attending protests following the murder of George Floyd. Happy Hippie Foundation Cyrus is the founder of the Happy Hippie Foundation, which works to "fight injustice facing homeless youth, LGBTQ youth, and other vulnerable populations". From 2014 to 2016 the foundation served nearly 1,500 homeless youth in Los Angeles, reached more than 25,000 LGBTQ youth and their families with resources about gender, and provided social services to transgender individuals, youth in conflict zones, and people affected by crises. Happy Hippie encourages Cyrus's fans to support causes including gender equality, LGBTQ rights and mental health through awareness campaigns and fundraising. Leading up to the 2020 presidential election, Happy Hippie encouraged its Instagram followers to seek out VoteRiders for assistance ensuring that gender identity would not affect their right to vote. On June 15, 2015, Cyrus launched the campaign #InstaPride in collaboration with Instagram. The campaign features a series of portraits starring transgender and gender-expansive people, which were posted to her Instagram feed with the hashtags "#HappyHippiePresents" and "#InstaPride". It stated that it was aimed at encouraging diversity and tolerance by showing these people in a positive light as examples for others who might be struggling to figure themselves out, and as a reference point for people who didn't know personally anyone in that situation. Cyrus was behind the camera for the entire photoshoot, and interviewed her 14 subjects to share their personal stories. She said she wanted to bring attention to and celebrate people who would not normally find themselves being the stars of a photoshoot or portrayed on the cover of a magazine. Following the loss of Miley and Hemsworth's Malibu home from the Woolsey Fire, the community and they launched the Malibu Foundation for relief efforts following the 2018 California wildfires, Miley's Happy Hippie Foundation donating $500,000 to the Malibu Foundation. In 2024 Cyrus announced that the foundation would be renamed as Miley Cyrus Foundation. Cultural impact and status Cyrus's early success as a teen idol and the face of Disney Channel's billion-dollar franchise Hannah Montana played an important role in shaping the 2000s teen pop culture, earning her the honorific nickname of "Teen Queen". Bickford stated Hannah Montana adopted a business model of combining celebrity acts with film, television, and popular music for a pre-adolescent audience. He called the series "genre-defining" and likened this model to 1990s teen pop artists such as Britney Spears and NSYNC, who were also marketed to children. Morgan Genevieve Blue of Feminist Media Studies stated the series' primary female characters, Miley and her alter ego Hannah, are positioned as post-feminist subjects in a way their representation is confined to notions of femininity and consumerism. The Times journalist Craig McLean named Cyrus the "world's biggest-ever teenage star". During the Best of Both Worlds Tour, tickets were sold out in minutes and stadiums were completely filled making it the highest-grossing concert tour for a new act in 2007 and 2008. According to Billboard boxscore, the Best of Both Worlds Tour had a total attendance of approximately one million people and grossed over US$54 million, earning Cyrus the award for Breakthrough Act at the 2008 Billboard Touring Awards. In 2012, Rolling Stone ranked Cyrus as one of the top 25 teen idol breakout moments of the rock era, which Andy Greene wrote: "Miley's rise was meteoric. Tickets to her 2007 Best of Both Worlds tour sold out faster than any tour in memory ... It seemed like she was poised to become a more stable version of Britney Spears – especially after singles 'The Climb' and 'Party In The USA'". Due to her popularity, Paul McCartney compared their success to that of the Beatles in an interview during his tour in 2011. In this regard, he commented: "I think when they have new sensations, like Miley Cyrus or Justin Bieber, teenagers identify with them, in the same way that the boys identified with The Beatles, [...] when you have thousands of teenagers feeling the same, they become elated because they have this love for something in common, whether it is The Beatles, Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, or whatever." Over the years, Cyrus's song "Party in the U.S.A." gained popularity in American culture on holidays and historic events. The song has re-entered the charts every Independence Day since its release. Following the death of Osama bin Laden on May 2, 2011, a resurgence in popularity of the music video occurred. The official YouTube video was flooded with comments regarding the death of bin Laden and it was immediately deemed a celebratory anthem for the event. In 2013, an online petition on the White House's "We the People" petitions website was urging then-president Barack Obama to change the U.S. national anthem from "The Star-Spangled Banner" to "Party in the U.S.A." Following the 2020 presidential election, as major news outlets announced Democratic nominee Joe Biden the winner of the presidential race, on November 7, 2020, supporters in New York City started singing "Party in the U.S.A." at Times Square. Cyrus's album Bangerz , along with its promotional events, is considered to be one of the most controversial moments in the 2010s wider popular culture and established Cyrus among the decade's most controversial figures. Glamour writer Mickey Woods likened the promotional "era" for the album to those of Britney Spears's and Christina Aguilera's third and fourth studio albums Britney and Stripped , respectively, adding that Cyrus's record "will probably be retrospectively deemed iconic, maybe even classic". Billboard listed Bangerz as one of the greatest and most influential albums of the 2010s noting that "with this pivotal album release, Cyrus took control of her public persona, surprising less with her provocative antics than with her constant artistic evolution". The album was ranked number 230 on Rolling Stone's "250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century". Bangerz is considered a trendsetter in "weaving together urban and pop influences, what's most revered now is what it represented then" according to Lyndsey Havens. Patrick Ryan of USA Today commented that Cyrus's collaborations with Mike Will Made It on the album contributed to his new-found prominence, stating that Mike Will Made It's position as an executive producer has helped him "[jump] to the forefront as an interesting character [...] in an era where a lot of producers have fallen behind the scenes again". Vice described Cyrus as "the most punk rock musician out there" and that she was "spinning circles around every single pop star who [was] trying to be edgy" at the time. MTV named Cyrus their Best Artist of 2013, and James Montgomery of MTV News elaborated on the network's decision that Cyrus "[declared] her independence and [dominated] the pop-culture landscape", adding that "she schooled—and shocked—us all in 2013, and did so on her own terms." Billboard staff called Cyrus the "Most Talked About Pop Star" of 2013, and also recognized the controversial evolution of her career as the "Top Music Moment" of the year, elaborating that she was a "maelstrom that expanded and grazed nearly every aspect of pop culture in 2013". The publication also ranked "We Can't Stop" as the best song of 2013 for being "one of the bolder musical choices in recent memory", and as one of the songs that defined the 2010s decade. The song's music video and Cyrus's controversial 2013 VMAs performance with Robin Thicke were declared as the 27th greatest music video and one of the most "defining" pop culture moments of the 2010s. In 2015, Rebecca Nicholson from The Guardian published an article calling Cyrus the Madonna of her generation, saying that "she's a Disney survivor with a fluid approach to gender identity. And, like the old three-chord punks, she gives really good quote". According to Nicholson, Cyrus takes "the 90s Madonna approach to public sexuality: it's deliberately provocative, and crucially, it is not being served up for male consumption." Likewise, she defends Cyrus's controversial rebellion, highlighting that behind the character there is a human, talented and strong person who manages to connect with the public, just like the "Queen of Pop". In November of the same year, Vulture ranked Cyrus number one on its "Disney and Nickelodeon Stars Gone Pop" listicle, writing that "no post-millennium child star [had] grown up as wildly, rapidly, or successfully as [Cyrus]" at the time. Appearing at number eight on the 2021 revision of the ranking, the publication named her as one of the few child stars with a successful music career as an adult, calling her "the archetype for Disney 2.0 stars" who "picked up the child-star trap of getting pigeonholed and set it on fire". Billboard cataloged the singer as one of the "Greatest of All Time Billboard 200 Artists", occupying position thirty-one; she was on the ninth rank among female artists. In 2017, the aforementioned magazine also published an article naming the singer a "Queer Superhero" for her philanthropic fight for the LGBTQ+ community. In 2019, Billboard ranked her 62nd on its "Greatest of All Time Artists" chart, and 55th on the 2010s decade-end chart of Top Artists, signifying the most successful acts of the decade. Due to her continual artistic reinventions, sonic and stylistic evolution, and versatility, Cyrus has been nicknamed the "Pop Chameleon" by media and various publications. She has also been considered a pop icon by several publications, with the BBC calling her "the ultimate 21st century pop star". In 2023, The Hollywood Reporter named Cyrus as one of its "Platinum Players" in music. Billboard included Cyrus in its "Greatest Pop Stars of 2023" listicle, naming her the "Comeback Artist of the Year". The magazine called her 2023 single "Flowers" the "biggest chart smash of her career" and noted that it "re-established [Cyrus] as one of pop's foremost hitmakers". In 2024, at age 31, Cyrus became the youngest recipient of the Disney Legends award, for her outstanding contributions to the Walt Disney Company. That year, she was ranked number 15 on Billboard's "Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century"; the magazine wrote that Cyrus has "endured as one of the century's most significant pop stars—because no matter what style she's trying out, at the end of the day, she's always still just being Miley". In 2025, Billboard ranked her twenty-first on its "Top Artists of the 21st Century" list, and ninth on its "Top 100 Women Artists of the 21st Century" list. Artists that have cited Cyrus or her work as inspiration or an influence include Chappell Roan, JoJo Siwa, Lea Michele, Lil Nas X, and Troye Sivan. Discography Filmography Tours Headlining Best of Both Worlds Tour Wonder World Tour Gypsy Heart Tour Bangerz Tour Promotional Milky Milky Milk Tour Attention Tour Opening act The Cheetah Girls – The Party's Just Begun Tour Recognition Throughout her career, Cyrus has received several awards and nominations. In 2009, at only 16 years old, she received her first Golden Globe nomination for Best Original Song with the song "I Thought I Lost You" featuring John Travolta for the movie Bolt and in 2025 she was nominated in the same category with the song "Beautiful That Way" for the movie The Last Showgirl. She also won the MTV Movie Award for Best Song From A Movie with her song "The Climb" in 2009. She received 16 nominations at the World Music Awards in 2014 and 50 Teen Choice Award nominations from 2006 to 2014, making her the most nominated person in the history of the Teen Choice Awards. In 2024, she won her first two Grammy Awards at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards and by 2025 she has accumulated 9 nominations.

=== Morgan Wallen ===
Morgan Cole Wallen is an American country music singer from Sneedville, Tennessee. He competed in the sixth season of The Voice—originally as a member of Usher's team, but later as a member of Adam Levine's team. After being eliminated in the playoffs of the sixth season, he signed to Panacea Records, releasing his debut extended play: Stand Alone . Later in 2016, Wallen signed to Big Loud and later released his debut studio album: If I Know Me . The album included four singles: "The Way I Talk", "Up Down" , "Whiskey Glasses", and "Chasin' You". If I Know Me would reach the top-position on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart after a record-breaking 114 weeks. Wallen's second studio album: Dangerous: The Double Album was an immediate commercial success, becoming the only country album in the at-the-time 64-year history of the Billboard 200 to spend its first seven weeks atop the chart. The album spent the three following weeks at number one, thus spending its first ten weeks atop the chart, becoming the first album to achieve such a feat since Whitney Houston's Whitney in 1987. Dangerous: The Double Album included four singles: "More Than My Hometown", "7 Summers", "Sand in My Boots", and "Wasted on You", as well as various promotional singles. Wallen's third studio album: One Thing at a Time , spent its first 12 weeks atop the Billboard 200, and topped the Billboard 200 for seven more non-consecutive weeks throughout 2023 and 2024, thus spending 19 non-consecutive weeks atop the chart. All 36 tracks from the album charted on the Billboard Hot 100 simultaneously, breaking the record set by Drake , Wallen additionally charted five tracks in the top-ten of the chart. The album spawned eight singles: "You Proof", "Thought You Should Know", "Last Night", the title track, "Everything I Love", "Thinkin' Bout Me", "Man Made a Bar" , and "Cowgirls" . The single "Last Night" peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100, marking Wallen's first number-one single on the respective chart, spent sixteen non-consecutive weeks atop the chart throughout 2023, and topped the 2023 year-end chart. Wallen has received several accolades, including an Academy of Country Music Award, fourteen Billboard Music Awards, and won Entertainer of the Year at the 58th Annual Country Music Association Awards. Aside from his various accolades, Wallen holds multiple Billboard chart records, Wallen is the only artist to have two albums spend at-least 100 weeks in the top-ten of the Billboard 200, the only artist to have two albums spend at-least 10 first-weeks atop the Billboard 200, the artist with the most weeks at number-one on the Top Country Albums chart , and his single "You Proof" is the longest-running Billboard Country Airplay number-one of all time, with ten non-consecutive weeks atop the chart. Despite commercial success, Wallen's career has faced controversy—most notably from using a racial slur in 2021. Early life and education Morgan Cole Wallen was born on May 13, 1993, in Sneedville, Tennessee, to Tommy and Lesli Wallen. Tommy served for a time as a local church pastor, while Lesli worked as a teacher. In his teens, the family moved south to Knox County, where he graduated from Gibbs High School. He was a pitcher and shortstop for the school's baseball team, and hoped to continue in college, but tore his ulnar collateral ligament his senior year. As a child, Wallen took piano and violin lessons. He was raised on a diverse musical playlist, with his father exposing him to classic rock mainstays. In his teens, he gravitated towards bands like Breaking Benjamin and Nickelback, as well as rappers like Lil Wayne. Wallen has characterized his early adulthood as adrift; he worked in landscaping after high school and was disappointed by his inability to continue his baseball career. He re-approached his interest in music and began learning guitar. He had grown to love country music, especially artists like Keith Whitley and Eric Church, and he modeled his sound after that lineage. Career 2014–2015: The Voice and Stand Alone In 2014, Wallen competed on season 6 of the music competition program The Voice. He auditioned with the song "Collide" by Howie Day. Judges Shakira and Usher complimented his stylings, and Wallen joined Usher's team. He was later taken by Adam Levine's team after his second round, and later eliminated during the playoffs. Wallen later said of his experience on the show, "Some things in life are out of your control. Being the best you can be isn't. I didn't feel like I was the best I could have been. So I practiced harder". The Voice was instrumental in raising Wallen's profile, and he began to establish connections in the music industry. While in California to appear on The Voice, Wallen began working with Sergio Sanchez of Atom Smash, a vocal coach on the program. Wallen relocated to Nashville to further his career, and he and Sanchez started a temporary band: Morgan Wallen & Them Shadows. Sanchez introduced Wallen to Bill Ray and Paul Trust of Panacea Records. In 2015, Wallen signed to Panacea Records where he was joined by Dominic Frost on guitar and released the Stand Alone on August 24, 2015. "Spin You Around" was Wallen's debut single under Panacea Records; it was later certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 2021. 2015–2019: If I Know Me In 2015, Wallen's manager, Dirk Hemsath of Working Group Artist Management, sent a demo of Wallen to record executive Seth England, who had Wallen audition for Big Loud, an independent record label. They signed Wallen to the label and the publishing company, who began pairing his songs with other artists. That year, he released his debut single "The Way I Talk"; his first music video for the song followed in 2017. Wallen co-wrote A Thousand Horses' single "Preachin' to the Choir", Dallas Smith's "The Fall", as well as Jason Aldean's "You Make It Easy" with Florida Georgia Line's Tyler Hubbard, Brian Kelley, and Jordan Schmidt. He joined Florida Georgia Line on their Dig Your Roots Tour. He collaborated with the group on the single "Up Down", his first song to reach the top five of Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart. At the outset of his career, Wallen underwent a personal stylistic shift, adopting a distinctive mullet and a look that Kelefa Sanneh, profiling Wallen's rise in a piece for The New Yorker, described as "Everyman rock star" and "not just a singer but a character". Wallen had decided to adopt the retro hairdo after seeing a younger photo of his father with the cut. Wallen's debut studio album, If I Know Me, was released on April 27, 2018, with its third single, "Whiskey Glasses", becoming his biggest success yet. The song reached the top spot on both the Hot Country Songs and Country Airplay charts; it also marked his first top 40 appearance on the all-genre Hot 100 ranking, where it placed at number 17. It was Billboard's 2019 top Hot Country song and Top Country Airplay song. Sanneh characterized "Whiskey Glasses" as his signature song and a "perfectly constructed ode to a woman and a drink, lost and found, respectively". In 2019, Wallen joined Florida Georgia Line on their Can't Say I Ain't Country Tour. His next single, "Chasin' You", was serviced to radio in July 2019 and peaked at number two on the Hot Country Songs chart; like its predecessor, it captured the top spot on the overall year-end tally for 2020. In August 2020, If I Know Me reached No. 1 on the Top Country Albums chart after a record-breaking 114 weeks. 2020–2021: Dangerous: The Double Album Wallen's profile continued to rise, with a growing following on platforms such as TikTok, and he developed into an unwitting sex symbol. Wallen appeared on the cover of Billboard, whose headline read: "Is Morgan Wallen Country's Next Global Star?" At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, Wallen found himself with more time to write and record material, which developed into his sophomore album, the double-disc Dangerous: The Double Album , which showcases a mix of country and R&B/pop balladry. Dangerous was an immediate blockbuster: it debuted atop the US Billboard 200 and the Canadian Albums Chart; it would remain atop the Canadian chart for four consecutive weeks, and the US chart for six consecutive weeks, marking the first new album from a country artist to do that since Garth Brooks' The Chase in 1992. The album also would become just the third album to spend its first ten weeks at number one on the Billboard 200 and the first in over 30 years, the last being Whitney by Whitney Houston. Its singles—"More Than My Hometown", "7 Summers", "Sand in My Boots" and "Wasted on You"—were record-breaking hit songs that pushed Wallen farther into the national conversation. "7 Summers" earned him his first top 10 on the Hot 100, debuting and peaking at number six, and was also chosen by Time as one of the best songs of the year. Wallen soon became the first artist to ever chart six songs within the top 10 of Hot Country Songs chart at the same time in the week after his album's release; likewise, the album charted 23 tracks on the Canadian Hot 100, and 19 tracks on the Hot 100 in the US. Use of racial slur and increase in popularity On February 2, 2021, TMZ released a video recorded on January 31 showing Wallen using the racial slur "nigger" to one of his friends after a night out. He issued a statement shortly after and apologized. Several radio stations temporarily removed Wallen's music from airplay on their stations, and his songs were removed from Apple Music, Pandora and Spotify featured playlists. CMT and the Country Music Association removed Wallen's appearances from their platforms, and his record label Big Loud suspended its recording contract with him indefinitely. The Academy of Country Music announced that Wallen and the album Dangerous: The Double Album would be ineligible for the 56th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards. On February 10, Wallen shot an apology video in which he asked his fans not to defend him. In April 2021, Wallen donated $300,000 to the Black Music Action Coalition in the names of 20 people who had counseled him following the incident. Those individuals were given the option to funnel their respective $15,000 donations to a charity of their choice, or keep the money within the BMAC. Wallen publicly spoke of his comments on Good Morning America on July 23, where he said that "he was around some of his friends, and they say dumb stuff together" and said that "he was wrong" to express those words. Wallen's songs returned to country radio in August when his single "Sand in My Boots" was released. He was nominated for Favorite Male Country Artist and Favorite Country Album for the 2021 American Music Awards, but was not invited to attend the ceremony, and was consequently unable to accept any awards if he won, which he did not. Though his public image took a hit, Wallen’s popularity increased. In the week following the controversy, album sales of Dangerous surged. In some cases, the physical as well as digital album sales went up over 100% in the week following the controversy. He remained atop the Billboard charts for seven more weeks; If I Know Me even entered the top 10 for the first time. Over the ensuing years, Dangerous remained a juggernaut; Ben Sisario, writing in The New York Times, dubbed it "an unusually enduring hit". It has continued to break chart records: it was the best-performing album of 2021, and in 2022, the album broke the record for the most weeks in the top 10 on the Billboard 200 chart among albums by a singular artist, surpassing a goal set a half-century before. Dangerous was awarded Album of the Year by the Academy of Country Music; Wallen also won Favorite Male Artist and Favorite Album at the inaugural Country Now Awards. 2022–2023: One Thing at a Time Wallen has continued to release new music, and has remained a popular draw on the road. The Dangerous Tour of arenas and amphitheaters was completely sold-out. His single "You Proof" became his third top-ten hit on the Hot 100 and first to reach the top five; both "You Proof" and "Thought You Should Know" topped the country charts. Wallen also collaborated with rapper Lil Durk on the song "Broadway Girls", a top-15 hit on the Hot 100; he also performed the song live with Durk at MLK Freedom Fest in Nashville. Wallen was a co-writer on the Tyler Joe Miller single "Wild as Her", released in February 2022, and the Keith Urban single "Brown Eyes Baby, released in July 2022. In December 2022, Wallen released a sampler EP titled One Thing at a Time, featuring three songs he had been working on up until this point, titled "One Thing at a Time", "Tennessee Fan" and "Days That End in Why". In 2023, Wallen expanded to stadiums with his One Night at a Time World Tour. Wallen released his third studio album One Thing at a Time on March 3, 2023. One Thing at a Time would debut atop the Billboard 200 and spend its first 12 weeks at number-one, blocking numerous albums from the top-spot and ending as the most-popular album on the Billboard 200 in 2023. On April 23, 2023, at Vaught–Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi, just minutes before he was set to perform, Wallen announced that he could not perform due to losing his voice. Fans were directed to receive refunds at their points of purchase. In May 2023, Wallen was featured on the song "Stand by Me" from Lil Durk's eighth studio album, Almost Healed. Wallen was a co-writer on the 2023 single "Fixer Upper" by Dallas Smith. Throughout 2023, Wallen released various singles, those being "Last Night", "One Thing at a Time", "Everything I Love", "Thinkin' Bout Me", and "Man Made a Bar". 2024–present: I'm the Problem On January 26, 2024, Panacea Records released a deluxe 10th anniversary edition of Morgan Wallen's 2015 EP Stand Alone that included eight previously unreleased songs. These songs were recorded in the same sessions as the original Stand Alone songs. Before the release of the 10th anniversary album, Wallen released a statement on his Instagram page saying that the release of this album was happening "against his wishes". Wallen released "Spin You Around ", an acoustic re-recording of the original, in response to the album's release. On March 3, 2024, he shared performances as part of his Abbey Road Sessions and performed a new song titled "Lies Lies Lies". On May 2, 2024, Wallen announced his next single entitled "I Had Some Help" with Post Malone, which was released on May 10; the song later debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Wallen was featured on the Moneybagg Yo single "Whiskey Whiskey". In September 2024, Wallen announced his second single from his upcoming fourth studio album, "Love Somebody", which was released on October 18; It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming his third number-one and second debut. Wallen was nominated for seven awards at the 58th Annual Country Music Association Awards, with his only win being the prestigious Entertainer of the Year award. Wallen was not in attendance to accept and the presenter, Jeff Bridges, jokingly accepted on his behalf. On December 31, 2024, Wallen surprise released a single he previously teased on his Instagram account titled "Smile." On January 24, 2025, Wallen announced his fourth studio album: I'm the Problem, alongside a tour of the same name, and the release of the title track, which was previously teased on his Instagram account as "I Guess". The title track released on January 31, 2025, while the album has been announced with a release date of May 16, 2025, and will include 37 songs. Personal life In 2016, Wallen began a relationship with influencer KT Smith, and the couple got engaged several months later. In 2019, they separated, allegedly due to Wallen's infidelity; their son, Indigo , was born several months after their breakup. Wallen has also been romantically linked with influencer Paige Lorenze, and fellow country singer Megan Moroney, who allegedly wrote her breakout song "Tennessee Orange" about him. On June 1, 2024, Wallen opened Morgan Wallen's This Bar & Tennessee Kitchen, a six-story bar, restaurant and music venue, in downtown Nashville. Legal issues In May 2020, Wallen was arrested and charged with public intoxication and disorderly conduct after leaving Kid Rock's bar in Nashville after reportedly kicking glass items inside the bar when he was told to leave, as well as getting into multiple verbal altercations with passersby outside. The case was settled in a court hearing. In October 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, multiple videos were posted on TikTok showing Wallen ignoring CDC guidelines in bars and other locations in the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, area after attending a University of Alabama football game. As a result of this, Wallen was cancelled as the musical guest on that week's episode of Saturday Night Live; he ultimately performed in an episode two months later hosted by actor Jason Bateman, in which Bateman, Wallen, and several cast members parody the incident and resulting fallout. In 2021, Wallen was caught on video using a racial slur, while returning home Wallen is heard saying Hey, take care of this "p---- ass motherf-----. ... Take care of this p---- ass n-----." Following the release of the video, Wallen’s contract with Big Loud Label, which releases Wallen's music with Republic Records was suspended. On April 7, 2024, Wallen was arrested after allegedly throwing a chair off the roof of Eric Church's newly-opened bar on Broadway in Nashville, Chief's. He was charged with three counts of felony reckless endangerment and one count of misdemeanor disorderly conduct after the projectile landed near two police officers on the ground. In December 2024, Wallen pled guilty to two misdemeanor counts of reckless endangerment, with the other two charges being dismissed, and was sentenced to serve seven days in a DUI education center, and two consecutive years of supervised probation. Discography If I Know Me Dangerous: The Double Album One Thing at a Time I'm the Problem Tours Headlining The Dangerous Tour One Night at a Time World Tour I'm the Problem Tour Opening What Makes You Country Tour Can't Say I Ain't Country Tour Beer Never Broke My Heart Tour Awards and nominations

=== Nancy Wilson ===
Nancy Wilson may refer to: Nancy Wilson , American jazz singer and actress Nancy Wilson , Moderator of the Metropolitan Community Churches Nancy Wilson , American rock singer and guitarist for the band Heart Nancy Wilson , Canadian television journalist Nancy Wilson , professional and college basketball coach Nancy Wilson-Pajic , American artist Nancy Wilson Ross , American novelist

=== Nate Ruess ===
Nathaniel Joseph Ruess is an American singer and songwriter. He formed the indie rock band The Format in 2002, and later went on to form the band fun. in 2008. He emerged as a solo act with his guest performance on P!nk's 2013 single "Just Give Me a Reason", which earned two nominations at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards and won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Collaboration. His 2015 single, "Nothing Without Love", marked his first entry on the Billboard Hot 100 as a solo artist. It served as the lead single for his debut solo album, Grand Romantic , which peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200 and saw positive critical response. Ruess has also co-written a number of commercially successful singles, including "Die Young" by Kesha, "Stay the Night" by Zedd and Hayley Williams, "Walk Me Home" by Pink and with Keith Urban, Maroon 5 and Ellie Goulding. His songwriting work has earned him the Hal David Starlight Award at the 2015 Songwriters Hall of Fame. Early life Ruess was born the second child of Larry Ruess and Bess Zinger. His uncle, John Ruess, was a performer on Broadway and served as an influence for Ruess's musical ventures. In 1986, his family moved to a farm in Glendale, Arizona, due to repeated bouts of pneumonia Ruess faced as a child. Ruess's pneumonia and the move are referenced in the lyrics of the song "The Gambler". Ruess remained in Arizona throughout his childhood and attended Deer Valley High School, graduating in 2000. During his time in school, Ruess played in punk bands and upon graduation chose to pursue music professionally. In an interview with American Songwriter Ruess states, "I'm not one to take lessons, so I decided that the only way I was going to learn how to sing, if what they were saying was true, was to go in my car and put on any sort of music from a vocalist that might be really hard to mimic, turn it on as loud as possible and try to hit all those notes". He took a job in a law firm as a way to support himself while he pursued his musical ambitions. In 2002, at the age of 19, he launched the band the Format with his longtime best friend, Sam Means. The Format was his first musical endeavor to gain widespread attention. Career 2000–2008: The Format After forming in 2000, the Format released a five-song EP, titled EP, which generated local interest and led to the band being signed to Elektra Records in 2002. They released their first studio album, Interventions + Lullabies, on October 21, 2003, leading to more local mainstream success. The band's fanbase began to grow, and the Format released their second EP, Snails, with Atlantic Records in April 2005. However, while working on their second album, Dog Problems, they were dropped from Atlantic. They eventually created their own label, The Vanity Label, and released the album on July 10, 2006. On February 4, 2008, Ruess announced through the band's blog that the Format would not be making another album. 2008–2014: fun. Immediately after the split of the Format, Ruess contacted Jack Antonoff of Steel Train and Andrew Dost, formerly of Anathallo, to form a new band called fun. They released their first demo, "Benson Hedges", through Spin's September 20, 2009, article. Four months after releasing their first single, "At Least I'm Not as Sad ", through Myspace on April 6, 2009, Fun released their first studio album, entitled Aim and Ignite. The album received generally positive reviews and peaked at 71 on the Billboard 200. The band's first tour happened in 2008 supporting Jack's Mannequin and gained exposure opening for them as well as Paramore in 2010. On August 4, 2010, Fun announced that they had been signed to the Fueled by Ramen label. In 2011, in collaboration with the band Panic! at the Disco, the band released the single, "C'mon" with limited vinyl release. Their second album, Some Nights, was released on February 21, 2012, and featured production by Jeff Bhasker. The album's first single, "We Are Young", which features guest singer Janelle Monáe, was released September 20, 2011. The song was covered on Glee in December 2011, featured in a Chevy Sonic commercial during the Super Bowl in February 2012, and reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 on March 8, 2012. The album has become a success throughout the world, selling nearly three million copies. The album's title song, "Some Nights", reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached number 1 on the Alternative Songs chart. On February 10, 2013, Fun won a Grammy for "We Are Young". Upon receiving the Grammy, Ruess commented, "I don't know what I was thinking writing the chorus for this song. If this is in HD, everyone can see our faces, and we are not very young. We've been doing this for 12 years, and I just got to say we could not do this without the help of all the fans that we've had keeping us afloat for the last 12 years." Fun also won the Grammy for Best New Artist. Alongside Fun, Ruess had been a supporting vocalist for many different songs across genres. In 2012, he was featured on "Only Love" from Anthony Green's second solo album, Beautiful Things, and in 2013 was featured on Pink's album, The Truth About Love, in the song "Just Give Me a Reason". The song began as a simple songwriting session with Pink. She decided the song needed another side to it and subsequently a male part was written. While at first reluctant, with Pink encouraging him, he decided to participate in the duet. The song eventually topped the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first number-one single as a solo artist and his second overall. After the success of "Just Give Me a Reason", Ruess was featured on Eminem's eighth studio album The Marshall Mathers LP 2 on the track "Headlights". Many of Ruess' lyrics were borrowed from a previously unreleased track, "Jumping the Shark", written during the Aim and Ignite sessions. In 2014, the band released the single "Sight of the Sun" for the HBO series Girls after being approached by show creator Lena Dunham. On June 18, 2014, Fun debuted a new song on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon called "Harsh Lights". It would be the last new Fun song performed before Ruess' pursuing his career as a solo artist, however the band has made it clear that they are on hiatus, not splitting up. 2014–2017: Solo music projects On February 5, 2015, Fun posted on their official website their status stating "there was no new Fun album in the works"; instead stating all three members were pursuing their own projects. Fun was founded by the three of us at a time when we were coming out of our own bands. One thing that has always been so special about Fun is that we exist as three individuals in music who come together to do something collaborative. We make Fun records when we are super inspired to do so. Currently Nate is working on his first solo album, Andrew is scoring films, and Jack is on tour and working on Bleachers music. The three of us have always followed inspiration wherever it leads us. Sometimes that inspiration leads to Fun music, sometimes it leads to musical endeavors outside of Fun. We see all of it as part of the ecosystem that makes Fun, fun. In an interview with Rolling Stone, Ruess added, "You get a little selfish about the songs that you write, and it's really hard to do that in a group setting, where there are two other people, and you have to think about everybody else's feelings. I'm writing and singing these songs about myself. When you work with producers versus bandmates, that line becomes a lot less blurry." In addition to his solo album, Ruess was invited to perform on Brian Wilson's album No Pier Pressure. Wilson, who co-founded the Beach Boys, likened Ruess' voice to his deceased brother and former bandmate Carl Wilson. Ruess then contributed guest vocals to the frequent collaborator Emile Haynie's 2015 release, We Fall. Ruess' then released his first single from his debut album, titled Nothing Without Love, which was sent to the alternative radio on February 23, 2015. On March 23, 2015, he made the first of multiple appearances, as a guest advisor on the eighth season on The Voice. On April 6, 2015, Ruess announced his debut album would be called Grand Romantic, and it was released on June 16, 2015. On April 27, 2015, Ruess released the opening track from his debut album, titled "AhHa". In May 2015, he released another song, titled "Great Big Storm", in correlation with the announcement of his solo tour. The song "What The World is Coming To" features guest vocals from American singer-songwriter and musician Beck. It was released as part of the countdown to his new solo album. On May 31, 2015, Ruess made his live debut as a solo artist with his newly formed backup band called the Band Romantic. He performed in Utrecht, Netherlands, at the intimate Tivoli/Vredenburg Cloud Nine location. The set list consisted of the 3 released tracks from "Grand Romantic", several then-unheard tracks from the same album, and songs from Fun such as "Some Nights", "We Are Young", and "Carry On". He also performed "Just Give Me a Reason". On June 1, 2015, Ruess released a new track from his solo album "Grand Romantic", titled "What This World Is Coming To". On January 1, 2016, Ruess played during the 1st period intermission at the NHL Winter Classic in Foxboro, Massachusetts. On January 12, 2016, he released a music video for his song "Take It Back" starring actor Patrick Fischler and also features a guitar solo from Jeff Tweedy of the band Wilco. 2018–present: Songwriting and podcast host In 2018, Ruess was credited as a composer and lyricist for Keith Urban on his release Graffiti U. He helped write Urban's track "Way Too Long". Additionally, Ruess has been working as a songwriter and producer. In 2019, he collaborated again with Pink for the track "Walk Me Home", which was released in February for her eighth studio album, called Hurts 2B Human. In 2020, Ruess had songwriting credits on Halsey's Manic and Kesha's High Road. On February 3, 2020, Ruess and Sam Means performed a surprise acoustic set together in place of a promised live screening of the Format's 2007 concert film Live at the Mayan Theatre, the first time the duo performed in almost six years. The band subsequently announced reunion shows in Chicago, Phoenix and New York City. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the tour was postponed multiple times before it was ultimately canceled. Hayley Williams from Paramore believes that Nate secretly used a moniker Benjamin Eli Hanna to co-write the song "Stay the Night". In November 2021, he appeared on Saturday Night Live as part of musical guest Young Thug's performance of "Love You More." The same year Ruess launched ClayneCast, a podcast about the Lethal Weapon TV series, with his accomplice Drew of the podcast Globe Hell Warning, and his friend, ChapoFYM co-host Tom. It can be found on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, Soundcloud as well as bonus video content on Patreon. As of 2023, the podcast has covered the entire three seasons of the Lethal Weapon TV series, all 4 Lethal Weapon movies, as well as all episodes of the crime-mystery show Houdini & Doyle. In 2024, the show started its fifth season. This season started out as a re-watch of the Lethal Weapon TV series, but after 13 episodes was abandoned in favor of watching the Mission: Impossible series of films. In 2023, Ruess collaborated with the hosts of the podcasts Episode One, Chapo Trap House, and Podcast About List to create the E1 exclusive Sodas, stylized as a 110-minute podcast audio-only film lampooning common tropes in children's animated media. Ruess provided vocals alongside Raina Douris on the episode-exclusive track "All the Bubbles in the World", though he remained uncredited in the public-facing marketing of the episode. His involvement was confirmed by posts on the Episode One Patreon page. He also appeared in Episode One's scripted episode "The Ballad of Brewer Grouse" as Soap Weathers, a folk musician who makes music for infants and the nemesis of the title character. He wrote and performed an original song called "The Sun's Birthday" for the episode. Personal life From 2009 to 2013, Ruess dated fashion designer Rachel Antonoff, the sister of Fun guitarist Jack Antonoff. Rachel and Ruess both provided backing vocals for the song "Dakota" from the 2007 album Trampoline by Jack's band Steel Train. Later, Rachel sang on some Fun songs and appeared in the video for "We Are Young". Rachel and Ruess collaborated on The Ally Coalition, an activist project to raise awareness of LGBTQ issues. Ruess began dating English fashion designer Charlotte Ronson in March 2014. They had their first child, a son, in early 2017. They had their second child, a daughter, in March 2019. They adopted their third child, another daughter, in July 2023. Ruess has stated that Drew and Tom, his co-hosts on ClayneCast, are his best friends. Discography Solo albums Singles As lead artist As featured artist Guest appearances Notes

=== Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn ===
Nayvadius DeMun Cash , known professionally as Future, is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, and record producer. Known for his mumble-styled vocals and prolific output, Future is credited with having pioneered the use of Auto-Tuned melodies in hip-hop and trap music. Due to the sustained popularity of this musical style, he is commonly regarded as one of the most influential rappers of his generation. Born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia, Future signed a recording contract with Rocko's A1 Recordings in 2011, which entered a joint venture with Epic Records shortly after. His first two studio albums, Pluto and Honest , were both met with critical and commercial success, spawning the platinum-certified singles "Turn On the Lights", "Honest", "Move That Dope" , and "I Won" . His subsequent albums have each debuted atop the US Billboard 200; his third and fourth, DS2 and Evol , were supported by the singles "Where Ya At" and "Low Life" , respectively. Future's eponymous fifth album and its follow-up, Hndrxx made him the first musical act to release two chart-topping projects on the Billboard 200 in consecutive weeks—the former spawned his first Billboard Hot 100-top ten single, "Mask Off." After departing A1, Future released the albums The Wizrd and High Off Life —the latter spawned the diamond-certified single "Life Is Good" . Future guest appeared alongside Young Thug on Drake's 2021 single "Way 2 Sexy," which became his first number-one song on the Billboard Hot 100 after a record-breaking 125 entries. His ninth album, I Never Liked You spawned the single "Wait for U" , which became his second to peak the chart and first to do so as a lead artist. At the 65th Annual Grammy Awards, the song won Best Melodic Rap Performance, while its parent album received a nomination for Best Rap Album. His two collaborative albums with record producer Metro Boomin—We Don't Trust You and We Still Don't Trust You —continued his string of number-one projects on the Billboard 200; the former spawned his third Billboard Hot 100-number one single, "Like That" ; which became his first Hot-100 leader to lead for multiple weeks. Future then released Mixtape Pluto , his seventeenth mixtape which caused him to become the first hip-hop artist to have three number one albums in the same year, and in less than six months. Future has released the mixtapes Beast Mode , 56 Nights , and What a Time to Be Alive in 2015—the latter spawned the single "Jumpman". He has released the full-length collaborative projects Super Slimey with Young Thug, Wrld on Drugs with Juice Wrld, Pluto x Baby Pluto with Lil Uzi Vert. Among the best-selling hip hop musicians, Future's accolades include three Grammy Awards from a total of fifteen nominations. Early life and career beginnings Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn was born on November 20, 1983, in Atlanta, Georgia. He attended Columbia High School in Decatur. At age sixteen , Future describes getting shot in the hand and robbed, an event he regards as a major turning point in his life. Future began his career under the name "Meathead", as a member of the Georgia-based musical collective Dungeon Family. He was led to join the group by his first cousin Rico Wade , who was part of the group's in-house production team Organized Noize and operated the East Point, Georgia "Dungeon" studio which the collective's name was based from. Future performed in a smaller hip hop group within the collective who went by the name "Da Connect", where he would later be nicknamed "The Future" by group member G-Rock. Da Connect recorded one album, Rico Wade Presents: Da Connect which was slated for commercial release in 2003, but was ultimately shelved. Future had one solo record on the project titled "Belly of da Beast", which is considered to be his first song. He did not use autotune in his early career with Da Connect compared to later in his career. During this time, Future appeared in numerous Dungeon Family music videos, and received his first songwriting credit on the Organized Noize-produced single, "Blueberry Yum Yum" for rapper Ludacris in 2004. Wade encouraged him to sharpen his writing skills and pursue a career as a rapper, as recording would create temporary respite from street life. Future voices his praise of Wade's musical influence and instruction, calling him the "mastermind" behind his sound. He was thereafter discovered by fellow Atlanta rapper Rocko, who took Future under his wing as a solo artist on his A1 Recordings record label. From 2010 to early 2011, Future released a series of mixtapes including 1000, Dirty Sprite and True Story. The latter included the single "Tony Montana", in reference to the Scarface film. He gained regional popularity after his songs were played by DJ Esco at Magic City, a strip club in Atlanta deemed "largely responsible for launching the careers of artists." In April 2011, he co-performed with Atlanta rapper YC on his single "Racks", which would become his first hit song and Billboard Hot 100 entry—peaking at number 42. In July of that year, Future and rapper Gucci Mane would release a collaborative mixtape titled Free Bricks. Career 2011–2014: Pluto and Honest Future signed a major label recording contract with Epic Records in September 2011, days before the release of his next mixtape, Streetz Calling. The mixtape was described by XXL magazine as ranging from "simple and soundly executed boasts" to "futuristic drinking and drugging jams" to "tales of the grind". A Pitchfork review remarked that on the mixtape Future comes "as close as anyone to perfecting this thread of ringtone pop, where singing and rapping are practically the same thing, and conversing 100% through Auto-Tune doesn't mean you still can't talk about how you used to sell drugs. It would almost feel antiquated if Future weren't amassing hits, or if he weren't bringing some subtle new dimensions to the micro-genre." Though Future had told MTV that Streetz Calling would be his final mixtape prior to the release of his debut studio album, another mixtape, Astronaut Status, was released in January 2012. In December 2011, Future was featured on the cover of Issue #77 of The FADER. XXL's Troy Mathews wrote, "While Astronaut Status is up and down and never really hits the highs like 'Racks', 'Tony Montana', and 'Magic' that fans have come to expect from Future, it's apparent that he's poised to continue the buzz of 2011 humming right along into 2012." Future was selected to the annual XXL Freshmen list in early 2012. His debut album Pluto, originally planned for January 2012, was eventually released on April 17. Its first three singles were mastered re-recordings of pre-existing songs, "Tony Montana", "Go Harder", and "Magic", the latter contained a guest feature from high-profile hometown native, rapper T.I. According to Future, "'Magic' was the first record T.I. jumped on when he came outta jail. Like, he was out of jail a day and he jumped straight on the 'Magic' record without me even knowing about it." The track became Future's first single as a lead artist to enter the Billboard Hot 100 chart, peaking at number 69 in April 2012. In addition, the albums next singles, "Same Damn Time" and "Turn on the Lights" peaked at number 92 and 50 on the Hot 100 respectively, further ushering Future into the mainstream spotlight. The latter was eventually certified platinum by the RIAA and spawned a remix featuring Lil Wayne. Other collaborators on the album include Trae tha Truth, R. Kelly and Snoop Dogg. On October 8, 2012, Future would perform the hook for Pusha T's single "Pain", which preceded his 2013 debut studio album My Name Is My Name. It was announced that Future would be repackaging his debut album Pluto on November 27, 2012, under the name Pluto 3D, featuring 3 new songs and 2 remix songs, including the remix for "Same Damn Time" featuring Diddy and Ludacris, as well as his single "Neva End " featuring Kelly Rowland. In November 2012, Future wrote, produced, and co-performed with Barbadian singer Rihanna on "Loveeeeeee Song", from the singers seventh studio album, Unapologetic. On January 15, 2013, Future released the compilation mixtape F.B.G.: The Movie which features the artists signed to his Freebandz label: Young Scooter, Slice9, Casino, Mexico Rann and Maceo. It was certified platinum for having over 250,000 downloads on popular mixtape site DatPiff. Future said of his second studio album Future Hendrix it will be a more substantive musical affair than his debut album and features R&B music along with his usual "street bangers". The album was to be released in 2013. The album featured his then-fiancée Ciara, as well as other high-profile artists including Kanye West, Drake, Kelly Rowland, Wiz Khalifa, and André 3000, among others. The album's lead single, "Karate Chop" featuring Casino, premiered on January 25, 2013, and was sent to urban radio on January 29, 2013. The song, produced by Atlanta-based producer Metro Boomin, spawned an official remix featuring Lil Wayne, was sent radio and was released on iTunes on February 19, 2013. On August 7, 2013, Future changed the title of his second album from Future Hendrix to Honest and announced that it would be released on November 26, 2013. It was later revealed that the album would be pushed back to April 22, 2014, as it was said that Future has tour dates with Drake on Would You Like A Tour?. Along with "Karate Chop", the album was preceded by the singles "Honest", "Shit", "Move That Dope", featuring Pharrell and Pusha T and "I Won" featuring Kanye West; "Honest" peaked at number 55 on the Hot 100. Upon release, the album was received generally positively and peaked at number 2 on the Billboard 200. During this time, Future also made a slew of guest appearances on hit songs including Lil Wayne's 2013 hit single "Love Me", Rocko's single "U.O.E.N.O." the same year, and DJ Khaled's 2014 single "Hold You Down". The former became his first top-10 entry on the Hot 100 and received diamond certification from the RIAA. 2015–2017: DS2, Evol, Future, and Hndrxx Future released DS2 on July 16, 2015. On September 20, 2015, Future released a collaborative mixtape with Canadian rapper Drake, titled What a Time to Be Alive. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, Billboard R&B Charts, and Billboard Hot Rap Songs, marking the first time a rapper was able to score two number one albums in a year, in 11 years, since Jay Z back in 2004. The mixtape has sold over 334,000 copies in the U.S. On January 17, 2016, Future released another mixtape, titled Purple Reign, with executive production from Metro Boomin and DJ Esco, as well as beat credits from Southside, Zaytoven and more. On February 5, 2016, Future premiered his fourth studio album, EVOL, on DJ Khaled's debut episode of the Beats 1 radio show We The Best. In 2016, Future became the fastest artist to chart three number-one albums on the Billboard 200 since Glee soundtrack albums in 2010. On June 29, 2016, he appeared in an issue of Rolling Stone. On Valentine's Day 2017, Future announced via Instagram that his self-titled fifth studio album would be released on February 17, 2017. Exactly one week later, he would release his sixth studio album titled Hndrxx. Both albums went number one consecutively, which made Future the first artist to debut two albums at number one at the same time on the Billboard 200 and Canadian Albums Chart. On October 20, 2017, he alongside Young Thug would drop their collaboration mixtape Called Super Slimey. He, along with Ed Sheeran, collaborated with singer-songwriter Taylor Swift on the song "End Game" from her album Reputation. The song peaked at number 18 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was Future's eighth top 20 hit. 2018–2019: Superfly, Wrld on Drugs, and The Wizrd On January 11, 2018, Future collaborated alongside Kendrick Lamar, James Blake and Jay Rock for the song, "King's Dead", from the soundtrack album of the Marvel Studios superhero film Black Panther and Jay Rock's third studio album Redemption. At the 61st Annual Grammy Awards, the song earned two Grammy nominations, for Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song, marking Future's first career Grammy nominations. Future curated the soundtrack for the movie Superfly, which was released in June 2018. On October 19, 2018, Future released Wrld On Drugs, a collaborative mixtape with fellow American rapper Juice Wrld. Wrld on Drugs debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 behind A Star Is Born by Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper, with 98,000 album-equivalent units, which included 8,000 pure album sales. It became Future's tenth top-ten album in the United States, and Juice Wrld's second. On January 18, 2019, Future released his seventh studio album, Future Hndrxx Presents: The Wizrd. The album consists of 20 songs and was promoted by a film titled The Wizrd, released on January 11 on Apple Music. The Wizrd received generally positive reviews from critics and became Future's sixth US number-one album, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200 with 125,000 album-equivalent units . With the release of The Wizrd, several songs from the album charted on the Billboard Hot 100, leading to Future becoming the artist with the 10th most entries in Hot 100 history. At the 61st Annual Grammy Awards held on February 10, 2019, Future won his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance for his collaboration alongside Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar and James Blake for the song, "King's Dead", from the soundtrack album of the Marvel Studios superhero film Black Panther. On June 7, 2019, Future released his second project of the year, his debut solo EP titled Save Me. Save Me received mixed reviews from music critics and debuted at number 5 on the US Billboard 200. 2020–2021: High Off Life and Pluto x Baby Pluto On January 10, 2020, Future released the third single for his then upcoming seventh studio album: "Life Is Good", which features Drake; the song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and eventually was the highest charting song off the album. On February 15, 2020, Future released an official remix of his song "Life Is Good", the remix kept Drake’s feature—and added new verses from DaBaby and Lil Baby. On May 1, 2020, Future guest appeared on Drake’s sixth mixtape Dark Lane Demo Tapes; on the mixtape—Future appeared on the tracks "Desires", and "D4L" alongside Young Thug. Both tracks charted within the top-30 of the Billboard Hot 100. On April 1, 2020, Future released the fourth single for his then upcoming album, "Tycoon"—the song debuted and peaked at number 76 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Later that month , Future announced his eighth studio album, at the time titled Life Is Good; The title was later changed to High Off Life and the album was released on May 15, 2020. The album became Future’s seventh consecutive number one album, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart with 153,000 album-equivalent units in its first week. The album sales week also became Future’s largest week since 2015, when his third album DS2 debuted atop the chart with 151,000 album-equivalent units. On May 26, 2020, Future released the ninth track from High Off Life as a single, becoming the albums fifth and final single—the track being "Trillionaire", which features YoungBoy Never Broke Again. On July 21, 2020, Future and fellow rapper Lil Uzi Vert both deleted all posts on their Instagram pages respectively and proceeded to upload a visual teaser directed by Hype Williams, intending to announce an at-the-time upcoming album titled Pluto x Baby Pluto. Later that month, on July 31—which is Uzi’s birthday, Future and Uzi both released the collaborative singles "Patek" and "Over Your Head", both singles would later appear on the deluxe edition of Pluto x Baby Pluto. On November 13, 2020, after extensive promotion—Future and Lil Uzi Vert released their collaborative album Pluto x Baby Pluto, which was both artists second project of the year; the album debuted and peaked at number two on the US Billboard 200 with 105,000 album-equivalent units. The album was blocked from the number-one spot by AC/DC’s album Power Up—which debuted atop with around 12,000 more units . Throughout 2020, Future guest appeared on many songs, all of which either performed well on music charts, or didn’t chart. Future was featured on "Big Drip" by Ufo361 on January 17, 2020—"Dead Man Walking" by 2 Chainz also on January 17, 2020—"1st n 3rd" alongside Lil Baby by Marlo on January 23, 2020—"Happiness Over Everything " alongside Miguel by Jhené Aiko on February 26, 2020—"What It Was" by Lil Gotit on June 26, 2020—"Rari" by Octavian on July 27, 2020—"Thrusting" alongside Swae Lee by Internet Money on August 21, 2020—"Gucci Bucket Hat" with Pap Chanel featuring Herion Young on October 20, 2020—and many other features. On March 26, 2021, Future collaborated with rapper Moneybagg Yo to release the single "Hard for the Next", which became the second single from Moneybagg Yo's fourth studio album: A Gangsta's Pain. On May 28, 2021, Future collaborated with Hotboii to release the non-album single "Nobody Special." On September 24, 2021, Future collaborated with rapper Gunna to release the single "Too Easy", which happened to be the lead single from Gunna's at-the-time upcoming third studio album: DS4Ever; the song charted in the top-twenty of the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. On December 15, 2021, Future collaborated with rapper Rvssian to release the non-album single "M&M", which also features vocals from Lil Baby. Throughout 2021, Future appeared on many songs as a featured artist, most notably—he broke the record for the most Billboard Hot 100 entries until a number-one song was captured, he earned his first number-one with his feature alongside Young Thug on Drake's single "Way 2 Sexy", which debuted in the Hot 100's number one position. 2022–present: I Never Liked You, We Don't Trust You, We Still Don't Trust You, and Mixtape Pluto On February 11, 2022, Future released his first solo single in over a year, "Worst Day", which happened to appear on the deluxe edition of his at-the-time upcoming ninth studio album. On April 20, 2022, Future was named the "best rapper alive" by GQ. Then on April 22, 2022, Future and record producer Southside released the collaborative single "Hold That Heat", which features rapper Travis Scott. On April 29, 2022, Future released his ninth studio album I Never Liked You after it was previously announced earlier that month. The album was a commercial success, becoming his eighth number one album and debuting atop the Billboard 200 chart—moving 222,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, becoming Future's largest sales week by album-equivalent units. I Never Liked You notably spawned four simultaneous top-ten entries on the Billboard Hot 100: "Wait For U" featuring Drake and Tems , "Puffin On Zootiez" , "712PM" , and "I'm Dat Nigga" . All sixteen tracks from the album debuted on the Hot 100; as well as two additional tracks charted by Future, causing him to have 18 simultaneous entries that week. On May 3, 2022, Future released the seventh track from his ninth studio album I Never Liked You as a single, "Wait for U", which features Drake and Tems—the track previously became Future's second number one single on the Billboard Hot 100, Drake's tenth, and Tems' first. On May 6, 2022, Future released "Keep It Burnin", the third track from I Never Liked You as a single, the track features vocals from Kanye West. Future released We Don't Trust You, a collaborative album with Metro Boomin, on March 22, 2024. The duo then released the sequel album, We Still Don't Trust You, exactly three weeks later on April 12, 2024. On September 2, 2024, he confirmed the release of his seventeenth mixtape Mixtape Pluto. In this early 2025. Future featured in the song Fxck Up the World from AlterEgo, the first studio album of the Thai rapper Lisa Musical style Future's music has been characterized as trap music. Future makes prevalent use of Auto-Tune in his songs, both rapping and singing with the effect. In 2013, Pitchfork wrote that Future "miraculously shows that it's still possible for Auto-Tune to be an interesting artistic tool", stating that he "finds a multitude of ways for the software to accentuate and color emotion". The LA Times wrote in 2016 that "Future's highly processed vocals suggest a man driven to bleary desperation by drugs or love or technology", stating that his music "comes closest to conjuring the numbing overstimulation of our time". GQ stated in 2014 that he "has managed to reboot the tired auto-tune sound and mash it into something entirely new", writing that he "combines it with a bizarro croon to synthesize how he feels, then [...] stretches and deteriorates his words until they're less like words, more like raw energy and reactive emotions". Critic Simon Reynolds wrote in 2018 that "he's reinvented blues for the 21st century." American singer and rapper T-Pain, who also uses that audio processor, criticized Future's unconventional use of it in 2014. In response, Future stated in an interview that "when I first used Auto-Tune, I never used it to sing. I wasn't using it the way T-Pain was. I used it to rap because it makes my voice sound grittier. Now everybody wants to rap in Auto-Tune. Future's not everybody." Due to the sustained contemporary popularity of his musical style, he is commonly regarded as one of the most influential rappers of his generation. Personal life Future is the unmarried father of seven children by his account, each with different women, although another child's paternity has been litigated. He has also adopted the son of one of the mothers of his daughter. In October 2013, Future was engaged to Ciara, who is the mother of one of his sons, but she ended the engagement in August 2014 due to his infidelity. Future is a Christian, and has publicly acknowledged his faith on multiple accounts. Throughout his music career, Future has made references to God and Jesus with his music, whilst being open about the role of faith in his life and childhood. In 2016, Future was sued by both Jessica Smith and Ciara. Smith sued him for failing to pay child support, stating their son "suffers from emotional and behavioral issues stemming from Future's neglect as a father", while Ciara sued him for defamation, slander, and libel. In October 2016, a judge said that Future's string of tweets bashing Ciara did not relate to the $15 million she was asking for. In 2019, two women from Florida and Texas respectively filed paternity suits claiming that Future was the father of their respective daughter and son. In 2020, the Texas woman dropped her paternity suit. Discography Studio albums Collaborative albums Pluto × Baby Pluto We Don't Trust You We Still Don't Trust You Tours Headlining Nobody Safe Tour Future Hndrxx Tour Future and Friends: One Big Party Tour Co–headlining Summer Sixteen Tour Legendary Nights Tour We Trust You Tour Awards and nominations

=== Nick Walker ===
Nick or Nicholas Walker may refer to: Nick Walker , British graffiti artist Nick Walker , British cricketer Nick Walker , Trinidadian footballer Nick Walker , scholar associated with neurodiversity Nick Walker , English former snooker player Nico Walker, birth name Nicholas Walker, American writer and bank robber Nicholas Walker, actor known for his roles on the American soap operas Capitol and One Life to Live

=== Olivia Rodrigo ===
Olivia Isabel Rodrigo is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She began her career as a child, appearing in commercials and the direct-to-video film An American Girl: Grace Stirs Up Success . She rose to prominence for her roles as a guitarist in the Disney Channel series Bizaardvark and a musical theater enthusiast in the Disney+ series High School Musical: The Musical: The Series . Shifting focus onto her recording career, Rodrigo signed with Geffen Records to release her 2021 single "Drivers License", which peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 and raised her to international prominence. That same year, she released her debut studio album, Sour, which spawned her second number-one song "Good 4 U" and the similarly successful singles "Deja Vu", "Traitor", and Brutal". A documentary, Olivia Rodrigo: Driving Home 2 U, was released the following year, and chronicles the creative process of Sour. In 2023, she released her second studio album, Guts, supported by her third number-one song "Vampire" and the singles "Bad Idea Right?", and "Get Him Back!" Overall, Rodrigo has released three Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles, two Billboard 200 number-one albums, and eight multi-platinum songs by the Recording Industry Association of America . Her accolades include an American Music Award, seven Billboard Music Awards, and four MTV Video Music Awards. She was recognized as Time's Entertainer of the Year in 2021, Billboard's Woman of the Year in 2022, and twice as "Songwriter of the Year" at the ASCAP Pop Music Awards in 2022 and 2024. Early life Olivia Isabel Rodrigo was born on February 20, 2003, at the Rancho Springs Medical Center in Murrieta, California, to Jennifer, a school teacher, and Chris, a family therapist. She is an only child and grew up in neighboring Temecula. Rodrigo was born half-deaf in her left ear. Rodrigo is half-Filipina and identifies as Filipino American. Her paternal grandparents and great-grandparents emigrated from the Philippines, and her family follows Filipino traditions and cuisine. Her mother has German and Irish ancestry. She grew up listening to her parents' favorite alternative rock music, such as the bands No Doubt, Pearl Jam, the White Stripes, and Green Day. Rodrigo attended Lisa J. Mails Elementary School in Murrieta, participating in their after-school musical theater program. At age five, her parents signed her up for vocal lessons with Jennifer Dustman, who would begin to enroll Rodrigo in various local singing competitions. Under the advisement of Dustman, her parents enrolled her in acting lessons. She began taking piano lessons at age 9. Rodrigo first became interested in songwriting after listening to country music songs by Taylor Swift, and was playing guitar by age 12. In May 2010, at age seven, she first appeared onscreen in an Old Navy commercial. Career 2015–2019: Career beginnings and acting In 2015, at age twelve, Rodrigo made her acting debut portraying the lead role of Grace Thomas in the direct-to-video film An American Girl: Grace Stirs Up Success. She attended Dorothy McElhinney Middle School in Murrieta for a year, until moving to Los Angeles after landing an acting role in Disney Channel's Bizaardvark in 2016; she was homeschooled from then until her graduation in 2021. Starring as the character Paige Olvera, a guitarist, she played the role for three seasons. In February 2019, she was cast in the starring role of Nini Salazar-Roberts on the Disney+ series High School Musical: The Musical: The Series, which premiered in November of that year. Rodrigo was praised for her performance, with Joel Keller from Decider describing her as "especially magnetic". For the series, Rodrigo wrote and performed the promotional single "All I Want", released in November 2019. She left the show at the end of its third season to focus on her music career. 2020–2022: Sour Rodrigo signed with Geffen Records in 2020. She negotiated the record deal to secure for herself ownership of the masters of her music. On January 8, 2021, she released her debut single, "Drivers License", which she co-wrote with producer Dan Nigro. Within the week of its release, "Drivers License" was critically acclaimed, and broke Spotify's record twice for most daily streams ever for a non-holiday song with over 15.7 million global streams on January 11 and over 17 million global streams the next day. It went on to break another Spotify record for the first song in history to hit 80 million streams in seven days. The song debuted at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100, and reached number-one in numerous other countries. Rodrigo stated in an interview that "It's been the absolute craziest week of my life ... My entire life just, like, shifted in an instant." On April 1, 2021, Rodrigo released her follow-up single, "Deja Vu", which debuted at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, making her the first artist to debut their first two releases in the top 10 of the Hot 100. The third single preceding her debut album, "Good 4 U", followed on May 14, 2021, and became her second single to debut at number one on the Hot 100. Sour, her debut studio album, was released on May 21, 2021, to critical acclaim. Slate's Chris Molanphy said its first three singles alone established Rodrigo's "early status as Gen-Z's most versatile new artist". According to Clash critic Robin Murray, Rodrigo is regarded as one of Generation Z's finest artists, while Variety dubbed her "the voice of her generation" in its cover story of Rodrigo. Sour debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart and spent a total of five weeks at the spot, becoming the longest reigning number-one album by a female artist in 2021. In June 2021, Rodrigo premiered Sour Prom, a prom-themed concert film on YouTube. Three days later, Time named her Entertainer of the Year. In an Instagram post on December 24, 2021, Rodrigo uploaded a snippet of a Christmas song called "The Bels" that she wrote and recorded at age five. According to Billboard, Rodrigo closed 2021 as the bestselling singles artist worldwide, while placing eight songs on the year-end Global 200 chart, including "Drivers License" at number four, "Good 4 U" at number nine, and "Deja Vu" at number 27. In the US and UK, Sour was respectively the third and fourth bestselling album of 2021. Sour and "Drivers License" were also respectively Spotify's most streamed album and song globally. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ranked Rodrigo as the tenth best selling artist of 2021 and Sour as the second bestselling album of 2021. To support Sour, Rodrigo embarked on her debut headlining tour, the Sour Tour, which ran from April to July 2022; it included stops in the United States, Canada, and Europe. Rodrigo's Disney+ documentary film Olivia Rodrigo: Driving Home 2 U, which details the making of Sour, was released on March 25, 2022. Rodrigo received seven nominations at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards, including Best New Artist, Album of the Year for Sour, and Record of the Year and Song of the Year for "Drivers License". She won the awards for Best New Artist, Best Pop Vocal Album for Sour, and Best Pop Solo Performance for "Drivers License". In 2022, while crafting her next album, Guts, Rodrigo attended a poetry class at University of Southern California, and ended up repurposing one of her homework pieces into the song "Lacy", which would go on to appear on the album's tracklist. 2023–present: Guts On August 16, 2023, Rodrigo became the youngest artist to receive the BRIT Billion Award for achieving over one billion digital streams in the United Kingdom. She was the 19th artist to receive a BRIT Billion Award. Rodrigo's second album, Guts, was released on September 8, 2023, and debuted atop the Billboard 200. She stated that the album was about "growing pains" and self-discovery. Going into the album cycle, she felt that she had grown "ten years" between the ages of 18 and 20. Guts received critical acclaim from various outlets and was later declared by BBC News as the most critically acclaimed album of 2023. The album's lead single, "Vampire", was released on June 30, becoming Rodrigo's third single to debut atop the Billboard Hot 100, making her the first artist ever to debut the lead singles from two career-opening albums at No. 1 on the Hot 100. The album's second single, "Bad Idea Right?", was released on August 11, 2023, reaching the top 10 in the US and UK. On October 9, 2023, Rodrigo performed songs from Guts in an exclusive concert in partnership with American Express at Los Angeles Theater at Ace Hotel, all proceeds from ticket sales went to her Fund 4 Good nonprofit organization. On October 18, 2023, Rodrigo announced that the four secret tracks released on limited vinyl editions of Guts would be released as a limited vinyl-exclusive EP to commemorate Record Store Day Black Friday. The EP Guts: The Secret Tracks ranked as one of the top sellers during Record Store Day. On November 3, Rodrigo released the song "Can't Catch Me Now" for The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes. The song won the Hollywood Music in Media Award for Best Original Song in a Sci-Fi, Fantasy or Horror Film at the 2023 ceremony. To support Guts, Rodrigo embarked on her second headlining tour, the Guts World Tour, which ran from February to October 2024 in North America, Europe, Asia and Oceania. On March 20, 2024, Rodrigo announced that she would release a deluxe version of Guts with five additional songs, including the four secret tracks from the vinyl variants. She released Guts on March 22, 2024. On April 13, 2024, Rodrigo made a special guest appearance at No Doubt's Coachella show, where she performed the band's 2000 single "Bathwater" alongside them. On October 2, 2024, Rodrigo announced the release of the Guts World Tour concert film. It was released on October 29, 2024, on Netflix. She was announced as the headlining act for the 2025 BST Hyde Park Show set to take place on June 27, 2025, with support from The Last Dinner Party and Girl in Red. It will be Rodrigo's largest headlining performance in the UK thus far in her career. Artistry Influences Rodrigo has named Taylor Swift and Lorde as her idols and primary musical inspirations, and once dubbed herself Swift's biggest fan "in the whole world". Rodrigo later went on to give interpolation credits to Swift and Jack Antonoff on her song "1 Step Forward, 3 Steps Back" and retroactively credited Swift, Antonoff and Annie Clark on her song "Deja Vu". She said the White Stripes' Elephant is the album she listens to most, and called band member Jack White her "hero of all heroes" in 2022. Other stated influences on Rodrigo's debut studio album included Alanis Morissette, Kacey Musgraves, Fiona Apple, St. Vincent, Cardi B, Gwen Stefani, Avril Lavigne, Billie Eilish, Halsey, Gracie Abrams and Lana Del Rey. Guts was primarily inspired by her punk and alternative rock influences, including Babes in Toyland and Rage Against the Machine. Songwriting and voice Rodrigo's voice type is soprano. Media outlets generally describe her as a pop artist, with songs ranging from pop rock, teen pop, and indie pop styles, as well as 1990s alternative rock. Rodrigo stated that she wants to be a songwriter and not "the biggest pop star that ever lived", and she chose to sign with Interscope/Geffen Records because its CEO John Janick praised her songwriting, not her "potential star quality". Music journalist Laura Snapes called Rodrigo a "flag-bearer" for a new wave of songwriters who incline towards power ballads "that are as emotional as ever, but project that emotion inward, trading bombast for hush", and described her musical style as rooted in heartache, mental health, and sadness, without being melodramatic, expressing more realistic perspectives than resilient. Other ventures Products and endorsements Rodrigo was announced as brand ambassador of the phone accessory company Casetify, under a year-long partnership, in December 2021. She creative directed the "Hardened Hearts" phone case collection, which was inspired by her debut album, Sour, and the '90s and Y2K visual aesthetics. She became consumer beauty brand Glossier's first ever celebrity partner in April 2022. Rodrigo collaborated with Sony Electronics to release a special edition of their true wireless Linkbuds S earbuds in September 2023. She and Health-Ade introduced the "Good 4 Ur Guts" smoothie in December 2023—which was available in Erewhon Market stores through January 14, 2024. In November 2024, Rodrigo became the global brand ambassador for Lancôme. Philanthropy and activism Rodrigo and her Bizaardvark co-star Madison Hu teamed up with Instagram #KindComments to encourage their fans to spread kindness and foster positivity on social media from 2017 to 2018. Rodrigo and Hu further teamed up with non-profit organization My Friend's Place for their 30th anniversary, to help homeless youth find shelter, food, work, education, and healthcare. The event was hosted by Jack Black and raised over $740,000 for local homeless youth. Also in 2018, Rodrigo was named an institute speaker and panelist for the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media. In December that year, she became the face of "She Can STEM" campaign. In February 2021, Rodrigo released her merchandise line, "Spicy Pisces T-shirts", on her website, with all proceeds benefitting the non-governmental organization She's the First which sponsors young girls' scholarship and education. In June 2021, she sold her clothes, wardrobe and all items from her music videos on Depop and 100% of all proceeds from 'Sour Shop' was donated to charitable organization. Rodrigo donated a portion of her Sour Tour platinum ticket sales to Women for Women International which supports female survivors of war by helping them rebuild their lives after war devastation. On November 18, 2021, she donated a signed Gibson guitar to #VenturesIntoCures program for auction and all proceeds went to life-saving research to treat and cure epidermolysis bullosa. The following month, she joined Katy Perry, Kelly Clarkson, Billy Porter with Musicians on Call in the 2nd Annual Virtual Concert "Hope for the Holidays" to bring Christmas cheer by uplifting performances and messages of hope to hospital patients via virtual concert. On July 13, 2021, Rodrigo was involved in a White House effort to promote COVID-19 vaccinations among young people in the U.S. She met with President Joe Biden, Vice President Kamala Harris, and Chief Medical Advisor Anthony Fauci, to discuss her efforts. CNN reported that Rodrigo would record videos about the importance of young people getting vaccinated, including answering questions the youth have regarding the vaccination. Following the U.S. Supreme Court's 2022 overturning of Roe v. Wade, Rodrigo performed "Fuck You", with British singer Lily Allen, at Glastonbury Festival. She prefaced the performance by dedicating it to the associate justices who voted to overturn Roe, saying "I'm devastated and terrified. So many women and so many girls are going to die because of this. I wanted to dedicate this next song to the five members of the Supreme Court who have showed us that at the end of the day, they truly don't give a shit about freedom. The song is for the justices." On November 20, 2022, Rodrigo joined other celebrities, co-founders Eddie Vedder and Jill Vedder for the Third Annual Venture Fundraising event which helped raise more than $1.3 million that month and $6 million for the next three years to find a cure for epidermolysis bullosa and other rare diseases. In December 2022, Rodrigo joined Chris Stapleton, Selena Gomez, and more to donate exclusive items to the 2nd Annual ASCAP Foundation, which supports music education and talent development programs across the U.S. In the same month, Rodrigo took part in that year's annual virtual concert, 'Musicians on Call' with 30 different artists which brought holiday classic performances and videos of messages of hope to patients, families and health-workers in more than 5,000 hospitals nationwide. In January 2023, Rodrigo joined various musicians in donating items to the MusiCares Foundation Charity Relief Auction to help struggling musicians with their financial needs. Rodrigo launched a charity fund called Fund 4 Good, aimed at supporting reproductive healthcare of women, in October 2023. She told People that the motive of the non-profit is to raise awareness "for certain groups that are championing women's issues in America and all of the other territories [...] it's going to be a very fulfilling and hopefully productive experience." In January 2024, she donated items for charity auction and proceed went to MusiCares and Grammy Museum Foundation. A portion of the profits from the US leg of the Guts World Tour would go to the fund, and support the National Network of Abortion Funds. Condoms and Plan B pills were distributed at Rodrigo's St. Louis concert on March 12, 2024, where abortion was illegal under state law. A portion of the profits from the Canadian leg of the tour would go to the fund and support 600 women's shelters in Canada. For the European leg of the Tour, Rodrigo donated to Women Against Violence Europe, in order to prevent all women and their children from any type of violence. She endorsed Kamala Harris in the 2024 United States presidential election. In October 2024, Rodrigo donated all net proceeds from her sold-out Philippines concert to Jhpiego, a women's health organization with decades of lifesaving work in the Philippines. Awards and recognitions Rodrigo has received various music accolades, including three Grammy Awards, seven Billboard Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, four iHeartRadio Music Awards, and four People's Choice Awards; an American Music Award, a Brit Award, and a Juno Award. She was named as Time's Entertainer of the Year for 2021 and was placed on 100 Next list. Billboard honored her as Rookie of the Year for 2021 and Woman of the Year at the Billboard Women in Music event in 2022. The magazine included her on its annual 21 Under 21 list, which she topped the following year. Rodrigo was included in the lists of Bloomberg 50, Forbes 30 Under 30 in music category, Fortune's 40 Under 40 for two consecutive years, and Elle 100. Variety named her as the "Songwriter of the Year" for 2021 and "Storyteller of the Year" for 2023 at the Variety Hitmakers Ceremony. She was considered as the top Songwriter of 2021 by the music rights platform Blokur and The Ivors Academy. American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers named her as the "Songwriter of the Year" at the ASCAP Pop Music Awards in 2022 and 2024. In 2024, Billboard included Rodrigo among the honorable mentions of its "25 Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century" listicle, describing her as "a new-school rock star as much as a pop phenom", and Rolling Stone called her "Gen Z's preeminent rock star". Discography Studio albums Sour Guts Filmography Film Television Tours Sour Tour Guts World Tour

=== Paul Wall ===
Paul Michael Slayton , better known by his stage name Paul Wall, is an American rapper and DJ. He has spent much of his career affiliated with Swishahouse, and has released several albums under the label and collaborated with numerous other rappers signed to the label. He began his career performing alongside fellow Houstonian Chamillionaire, with whom he released several albums, including 2002's independently released Get Ya Mind Correct. By 2005, he was signed to Atlantic Records and became successful with his major label debut The Peoples Champ, which was followed up by Get Money, Stay True released in 2007. He has been nominated for one Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance as a Duo or Group for the song "Grillz", his collaboration with rapper Nelly. Career Swishahouse Wall attended Jersey Village High School and studied mass communications at the University of Houston for three years. Wall's first music exposure came as a street team member on the Northwest side of Houston, promoting southern labels like Cash Money and No Limit Records. After proposing to do promotions for Michael "5000" Watts' company Swishahouse, Chamillionaire and Paul Wall came to 97.9 the Box , Watts' radio station. Paul and Chamillionaire convinced Watts to let them rap on his radio show and put the verses on one of his mixtapes. That mixtape was titled Choppin Em Up Part 2, which was released in mid-1999. The freestyle became so popular locally that Chamillionaire and Paul Wall became regular staples on Houston's mixtape circuit, appeared on several of Watts' mixtapes and became permanent members of Swishahouse. After fellow member Slim Thug left the label, Chamillionaire and Paul Wall followed suit and the two started their own group known as The Color Changin' Click . Each successive mixtape released by The Color Changin' Click led to more business opportunities; the most notable of which was a contract to do a full album for Paid in Full Records. A one-album contract was negotiated between the Color Changin' Click and Paid in Full's label head, DJ Madd Hatta from 97.9 The Box, and the CCC's first album, Get Ya Mind Correct, would go on to sell over 200,000 copies. Wall is also an accomplished and proficient mixtape and party DJ, known for producing mixtapes in the now well-known chopped and screwed style, which was invented by DJ Screw. In 2004, Wall returned to Swishahouse and appeared on Mike Jones' first commercially distributed single, "Still Tippin'". Solo success In 2005, Paul Wall released his first album, The Peoples Champ, which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. The first single was "Sittin' Sidewayz" featuring Big Pokey, which peaked at no. 34 on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Chart and no. 93 on the Billboard Hot 100. The second single, "They Don't Know", featured Bun B of UGK, and the video version also featured Mike Jones. The third single, "Girl", became the most successful single off The Peoples Champ, peaking at no. 35 on the Hot 100. In November 2005, Paul Wall was featured on Nelly's Grillz, which reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2007, Wall released his second album Get Money, Stay True, which debuted in the number one spot on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album spawned the singles "Break 'Em Off" featuring Lil Keke, and "I'm Throwed" featuring and produced by Jermaine Dupri. "Break 'Em Off" peaked at no. 72 on the Hot 100 and no. 58 on the R&B charts, and "I'm Throwed" peaked at no. 87 on the Hot 100 and no. 47 on R&B. Paul Wall was a member of the rap group Expensive Taste, with his friends Travis Barker and Skinhead Rob . In 2007, Paul Wall appeared alongside other celebrities in the music video for "Rockstar" by Nickelback. He appeared on reggae artist Collie Buddz's self-titled debut album. Other projects and newer releases In the spring of 2008, Paul Wall joined Strange Music recording artist Tech N9ne on a nationwide tour, which featured rapper Ill Bill. Paul Wall appears as fictional rapper Grillionaire in the movie I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell, released on September 25, 2009. He, along with screenwriters Nils Parker and Tucker Max, co-wrote tracks for the movie. In 2010, Paul Wall featured on the album Przyjaźń, Duma, Godność, by Polish rap artist Kaczor. He also collaborated with Limp Bizkit on the song "Middle Finger", which appeared on the band's 2011 album Gold Cobra. In October 2011, Paul Wall collaborated with Silicon Valley–based social and mobile game company Jump Shot Media to create the world's first mobile battle rap game, Battle Rap Stars. Paul is featured as the "main event" and is the rapper to beat in order to win the game. On March 7, 2012, Paul Wall released a mixtape entitled No Sleep Til Houston. Paul Wall released a collaboration mixtape with Slim Thug for the 2013 NBA All-Star Game in Houston. On December 10, 2013, Paul Wall released his seventh studio album, an 11-track offering, titled CheckSeason, which featured contributions from Stunna Bam, Killa Kyleon, Slim Thug, Lil Keke, Kid Ink and Young Dolph. The record was released independently via his Paul Wall Music imprint. Paul Wall followed up Check Season on December 2, 2014, with the release of his eighth studio album, titled The Po-Up Poet which was produced by June "The Jenius" James. According to a Vibe magazine article in November 2014, "The almost circus-like production reestablishes the idea that as long as Wall's been in the game, he's been a beloved Texas rap legend". On September 25, 2015, Paul Wall followed up The Po-Up Poet with his ninth studio album, titled SlabGod which contains the single "Swangin' In The Rain". On March 11, 2016, Wall released a remix of "Swangin' In The Rain" which features Slim Thug, Lil' Keke, J-Dawg, Z-Ro, and Chamillionaire. On October 21, 2016, he followed up SlabGod with his ninth album, titled Houston Oiler, released in October 2016. In February 2017, he released the mixtape Diamond Boyz with rapper C Stone. His tenth album Bounce Back Over Setbacks was released on January 19, 2018. His eleventh album, Mind Over Matter followed in March 2020. On June 5, 2020, Wall released a mixtape with Lil Keke, titled Slab Talk. Acting career During his break from rapping, Paul Wall appeared in Furnace with Ja Rule. He appeared in the 2009 film I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell along with Jesse Bradford and Matt Czuchry. He was in the 2010 science fiction film Xtinction: Predator X. In 2014 he starred in Isaac Yowman's independently released theatrical film "The Holy Spoof" which sold out in all of its theater showings before its digital stream release online. Musical style and image AllMusic critic Andy Kellman described Wall's rapping style as having a "thick but swift Southern drawl" whose lyrics had "countless local slang terms that necessitate a glossary for many listeners." Personal life Wall married his wife, Crystal, in 2005 and has two children. In 2010, he went on an extreme diet and had gastric sleeve surgery, resulting in an over 100 lb. weight loss. During the 2008 United States presidential election, Wall supported Democratic candidate Barack Obama. He is a devoted fan of the Houston Texans, Houston Rockets, and the Houston Astros. Controversy Chamillionaire On November 19, 2004, Wall and his entourage allegedly attacked Chamillionaire's younger brother, Rasaq Seriki, at a nightclub. Chamillionaire expressed his disappointment in Paul Wall, arguing that they all used to be family and that these events should not have happened. Before the entire incident between Paul Wall and Rasaq they were all part of the group called "The Color Changin' Click" which now has become fragmented. Chamillionaire released a diss track with Rasaq titled "Go Head". The dispute ended in 2010, when the pair reunited for a full tour. Wall stated "It took a long time and us growing. You know, we started off as a group and a lot of times when you go your separates ways, a lot of people say, "Oh you can't do it without him" and so you wanna prove them wrong. I know for me, I wanted to prove everyone wrong and prove that I could make it on my own." Chamillionaire replied; "We had been bumping into each other a lot. It's kinda been died down for a little bit now but we just kinda needed that stamp of approval. I think the tour kinda just solidifies it for other people. It's not like today we just stopped beefing, we stop beefing a long time ago, but nobody believed us." Discography Studio albums Chick Magnet The Peoples Champ Get Money, Stay True Fast Life Heart of a Champion #Checkseason The Po-Up Poet Slab God The Houston Oiler Bounce Backs Over Setbacks Mind Over Matter Subculture Hall Of Fame Hustler The Great Wall Once Upon a Grind Collaborative albums Get Ya Mind Correct Controversy Sells The Legalizers: Legalize or Die, Vol. 1 Diamond Boyz The Legalizers, Vol. 2: Indoor Grow Give Thanks Slab Talk Start 2 Finish The Legalizers 3: Plant Based Start Finish Repeat Filmography Video games 2005: Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition for Xbox and PlayStation 2 – "Sittin' Sidewayz" 2005: SSX on Tour for Xbox, GameCube, and PlayStation 2 – "Sittin' Sidewayz" 2005: Madden NFL 06 for Xbox 360 – "They Don't Know" featuring Mike Jones 2007: Def Jam Icon for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 – '"Sittin' Sidewayz" and "Trill" 2011: Battle Rap Stars for iPhone and Android Awards and nominations Ozone Awards Grammy Awards

=== Post Malone ===
Austin Richard Post , known professionally as Post Malone, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. He has gained distinction and acclaim for his blending of various genres including hip-hop, pop, R&B, trap, and country. His stage name was derived from inputting his birth name into a rap name generator. Malone began his musical career in 2011, and gained recognition with his 2015 debut single "White Iverson", which peaked at number 14 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. He signed with Republic Records to release his debut studio album Stoney , which peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 and spawned the diamond-certified single "Congratulations" . His second album, Beerbongs & Bentleys , debuted atop the Billboard 200 and set numerous streaming records. It contained the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Rockstar" and "Psycho" , and was nominated for Album of the Year at the 61st Grammy Awards. His third Billboard Hot 100 number one single, "Sunflower" , was released for the accompanying soundtrack to the 2018 animated film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse; it became the highest-certified song in RIAA history as the first to receive double diamond certification. "Sunflower" was also included on Malone's third album, Hollywood's Bleeding , which became his second to peak atop the Billboard 200 and received his second nomination for Album of the Year at the 63rd Grammy Awards. It spawned the single "Circles", which became his fourth number-one song on the Billboard Hot 100, and spent 61 weeks on the chart. His fourth and fifth albums, Twelve Carat Toothache and Austin , both peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and saw continued success; the former spawned the top ten singles "I Like You " and "One Right Now" , while the latter explored pop rock and spawned the top 15 single, "Chemical". Two of his 2024 singles debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100: his guest appearance on Taylor Swift's "Fortnight", and his first country pop song, "I Had Some Help" . The latter served as lead single for his sixth album, F-1 Trillion , which further experimented with the genre and became his third non-consecutive number one album on the Billboard 200. Malone is among the best-selling music artists, with over 80 million records sold. His accolades include eleven Billboard Music Awards, three American Music Awards, six MTV Video Music Awards, and eighteen Grammy Award nominations. He holds several Billboard chart records: He is the first solo lead artist to top both the Rap Airplay and Adult Contemporary charts, while "Circles" set the record for longest climb to number one on the Adult Contemporary chart by a solo artist. As of 2025, Malone holds the record for the artist with the most diamond-certified songs, with nine to his name. Early life Austin Richard Post was born on July 4, 1995, in Syracuse, New York. He was raised by his father, Richard Post, and his stepmother, Jodie. His father had been a DJ in his youth and introduced Malone to many different genres of music including hip-hop, country, and rock. When Malone was nine years old, he and his family moved to Grapevine, Texas, after his father became the manager of concessions for the Dallas Cowboys football team. Malone began to play the guitar and auditioned for the American band Crown the Empire in 2010, but was rejected after his guitar strings broke during the audition. He credited his initial interest in learning guitar to the video game Guitar Hero. Malone has expressed his affinity for alternative rock music, and appeared for a DJ set at Emo Nite in Los Angeles, California, in June 2017, playing songs by American alt-rock band My Chemical Romance at the event. According to Malone, his first foray into professional music began when he was in a heavy metal band. He says soon afterwards he transitioned to softer rock as well as hip-hop, before beginning to experiment on FL Studio. Career 2011–2016: Career beginnings and Stoney According to Malone, he chose "Post Malone" as his stage name when he was "14 or 15". The name was rumored to be a reference to the professional basketball player Karl Malone, but Malone later explained that "Post" is his last name, and he used a "rap name generator" to get "Malone". At the age of 16, using audio editor Audacity, Malone released his first mixtape, Y.A.T.R., also known as Young and After Them Riches, in 2014. He showed it to some of his classmates at Grapevine High School. He was voted "Most Likely to Become Famous" by his classmates as a senior in high school. He worked at a Chicken Express as a teenager. At age 17, Malone released a parody synth-pop ballad song called "Why Don't You Love Me" under the alias Leon DeChino, intended for a school project. The song reappeared online in 2016. Malone later referenced the DeChino alias on his song "Psycho". Malone later enrolled in Tarrant County College, but dropped out. After leaving college, Malone moved to Los Angeles with his longtime friend Jason Probst, a professional game streamer. After moving to Los Angeles, Malone, Probst, and several other producers and artists formed the music group BLCKVRD and recorded music together. Several members of the group, including Malone, moved into a house in the San Fernando Valley together. While living in the San Fernando Valley, Malone met record producers FKi 1st and Sauce Lord Rich, who formed the production team FKi, as well as Rex Kudo, who produced several of Malone's tracks, including "White Iverson". Malone recorded the song two days after writing it. The lyrics of "White Iverson" allude to Basketball Hall of Fame player Allen Iverson. In February 2015, upon completion, it was uploaded to Malone's SoundCloud account. On July 19, 2015, Malone released a music video for "White Iverson". The single received praise from Mac Miller and Wiz Khalifa. However the song was mocked by Earl Sweatshirt. After hitting one million views within a month of releasing "White Iverson", Malone quickly garnered attention from record labels. In August 2015, he signed a recording contract with Republic Records. Malone went on to work with a number of prominent rappers including 50 Cent, Young Thug, Kanye West and others. In August 2015, he performed at Kylie Jenner's 18th birthday party, where he met Kanye West, who enjoyed his music, leading to him collaborating with Malone on his single "Fade" from his album The Life of Pablo . Malone later began a friendship with Canadian singer Justin Bieber leading to Malone being an opening act for Bieber's Purpose World Tour . On April 20, 2016, Malone premiered his new single, "Go Flex" on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 show. On May 12, 2016, he released a full-length project, a mixtape, titled August 26, the title of which was a reference to the release date of his debut album. On June 9, 2016, Malone made his national television debut on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, performing "Go Flex". In June 2016, XXL editor-in-chief Vanessa Satten revealed Malone was considered for XXL's "2016 Freshman Class" magazine cover, but she was "told by his camp that he wasn't paying attention to hip hop so much. He was going in more of a rock/pop/country direction." However, Malone denied these claims, explaining that his latest mixtape as well as his upcoming album were both hip-hop. In August 2016, Malone issued an apology for his album, Stoney, being late. It was available for pre-order on November 4, and was finally released on December 13. Malone later went on to call the album "mediocre", despite the success of the single "Congratulations" , Malone's first top-ten song on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number eight. Stoney also featured the top 100 hits "I Fall Apart", and "Deja Vu" , with the album later being certified double platinum by the RIAA in October 2017. 2017–2019: Beerbongs & Bentleys and Hollywood's Bleeding In February 2017, Malone revealed the title of his next project, Beerbongs & Bentleys, and was set to be released in December, before eventually being pushed back to 2018. In September, Malone released the first single from the album, "Rockstar" . The song peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and held the spot for eight consecutive weeks prompting Rolling Stone in 2017 to say he is "one of the most popular musicians in the country". In November of the same year, Malone released the official music video for "Rockstar", directed by Emil Nava. On February 20, 2018, Malone previewed his new song with Ty Dolla Sign titled "Psycho". "Psycho" was released on February 23, 2018, and a tour with 21 Savage was announced. The song debuted at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Malone's third entry in the top 10; it would later top the charts in June of that year, becoming Malone's second number one. On April 5, 2018, Malone stated that Beerbongs & Bentleys will be released on April 27, 2018. The same day, he also premiered the song "Stay" during the Bud Lite Dive Bar show in Nashville. Upon release, Beerbongs & Bentleys broke the first day streaming records on Spotify, with 78.7 million streams worldwide. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 moving 461,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, with 153,000 coming from pure sales. The album was also certified platinum by the RIAA after four days and spawned three top 10 songs and six top 20 songs. In an interview with Billboard in May 2018, Malone's manager announced that Malone was planning to start his own record label and film production company and Malone later won Top Rap Song at the Billboard Music Awards for "Rockstar". Malone confirmed in June 2018 that he was writing his third album, and confirmed that a festival would be taking place, organized by him, titled "Posty Fest", in Dallas, Texas on October 28. Malone promised a "blockbuster" lineup with headliners like rapper Travis Scott. In August, Malone broke Michael Jackson's 34-year-old record for most weeks on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, with Stoney reaching its 77th week on the ranking compared to the 76 weeks that Thriller spent. A collaboration album with rapper Mac Miller was also teased in August 2018. During his appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, he previewed his song "Sunflower", a collaboration with Swae Lee, from the soundtrack to the film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. In November 2018, it was confirmed Malone was recording his third album in his Utah home. Malone was nominated for 4 awards at the 61st Grammy Awards for his album Beerbongs & Bentleys. Among the nominations were Album of the Year and Record of the Year. He performed with the Red Hot Chili Peppers at the awards show on February 10, 2019. In July 2019, Malone released the single "Goodbyes" , and also announced the Runaway Tour with Swae Lee as the opener. On August 5, Malone shared a snippet of an unreleased track "Circles" on YouTube. He then performed the song at his second annual Bud Light: Dive Bar concert and confirmed that the official song would be released the following week. That same day and on July 25, 2019, at Cheyenne Frontier Days he announced the album was finished. He released the song on August 30, 2019. He confirmed that his upcoming third studio album will be released on September 6, 2019. On August 26, 2019, Malone announced on Twitter that his third album is called Hollywood's Bleeding and would be released on September 6, 2019. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, selling 489,000 album-equivalent units in its first week. Hollywood's Bleeding would also go on to be nominated for Album of the Year at the 63rd Grammys. 2020–2022: Collaborations, hiatus, and Twelve Carat Toothache On March 12, 2020, Malone's concert at Denver's Pepsi Center proceeded as scheduled, drawing a sellout-crowd of 20,000, likely the last large-scale enclosed gathering in the U.S. before COVID-19 pandemic lockdowns. Malone received backlash for not cancelling his sold-out arena show amid rising concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic. Reportedly, future U.S. tour dates in March were postponed by Live Nation on March 12, 2020. On April 24, 2020, Malone announced that a new album was in progress during a livestream performance. In late April 2020, Malone performed a live-streamed set consisting entirely of Nirvana covers from his home. Malone sang lead vocals and provided rhythm guitar for the set. He was accompanied by drummer Travis Barker, bassist Brian Lee and lead guitarist Nick Mac. The performance raised over US$5 million for the World Health Organization's COVID-19 relief fund. The performance also received praise from Nirvana's surviving members Krist Novoselic and Dave Grohl, as well as Kurt Cobain's widow Courtney Love. In June 2020, Malone featured on Tyla Yaweh's single, "Tommy Lee". The single was followed up with a remix, released July 10, 2020, featuring drums from Tommy Lee himself, as well as a re-recorded guitar instrumental. A second remix to the song, featuring rapper Saint Jhn, was released subsequently. On April 30, 2021, Malone was featured on DJ Khaled's twelfth studio album Khaled Khaled on the song "I Did It" also featuring DaBaby, Megan Thee Stallion, and Lil Baby. On July 9, 2021, Malone released the single "Motley Crew" with an accompanying music video, featuring several guest stars, past collaborators and friends including Tommy Lee, Tyga, Tyla Yaweh and his manager Dre London. The music video was directed by Cole Bennett of Lyrical Lemonade. On November 5, Malone released "One Right Now" with the Weeknd, as the lead single from his upcoming fourth studio album. On January 26, 2022, during his cover story will Billboard, Malone revealed that his fourth studio album would be titled Twelve Carat Toothache. In April 2022, Republic Records relaunched Mercury Records with a new roster that includes Post Malone. On April 27, 2022, Post revealed that Twelve Carat Toothache would be released June 3, 2022. Malone released the album's second single, "Cooped Up" with Roddy Ricch, on May 12, 2022. On May 14, 2022, he appeared as a musical guest on Saturday Night Live and performed "Cooped Up" with Ricch, as well as an unreleased song titled "Love/Hate Letter to Alcohol", in which he was joined by Fleet Foxes. Malone had previously confirmed that he had worked with Fleet Foxes frontman Robin Pecknold on a song for the album. For the 2022 film Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers, Malone covered the theme song from the 1989 television series of the same name, originally performed by Jeff Pescetto in the series and by The Jets in album releases. On August 12, 2022, the documentary film Runaway premiered on the Amazon Prime Video channel Freevee. It showed behind the scenes moments from the first leg of the Runaway Tour in 2019, as well as performances from some of the highlighted dates, such as New York City, Chicago, and the 2019 Posty Fest in Arlington. 2023: The Diamond Collection and Austin In April 2023, Malone announced that he was working on a new album. On April 14, Malone released "Chemical", as the lead single from his upcoming fifth studio album. On April 21, 2023, Malone released The Diamond Collection, a nine-song compilation of his record-breaking eight RIAA Diamond-certified singles, along with the single "Chemical". On April 21, 2023, alongside The Kid Laroi, Malone appeared on "What You Say", the twenty-fourth cut of YoungBoy Never Broke Again's sixth full-length studio album, Don't Try This At Home. On May 16, 2023, Malone announced that his fifth studio album, Austin, would be released on July 28, 2023. On May 19, "Mourning" was released as the second single from the album. On July 14, the third single, "Overdrive", was released. On September 8, the fourth single "Enough Is Enough" was released. On July 17, 2023, Malone collaborated with Noah Kahan on a re-released version of Kahan's single "Dial Drunk" featuring a new vocal from Malone. The song charted on the Billboard Hot 100 reaching a peak of number 25. 2024–present: F-1 Trillion On February 11, 2024, Malone performed "America the Beautiful" at the Super Bowl LVIII. On February 5, the tracklist for Taylor Swift's eleventh studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, was revealed via her social media accounts, featuring Malone on the first track "Fortnight". He later made a post on his social media supporting this. The album was released on April 19, 2024, with "Fortnight" being chosen as the lead single and the music video being released later that day. On the day of its release, "Fortnight" set the single-day streaming record for any song on Spotify, surpassing the all-time peak previously held by Mariah Carey's song "All I Want for Christmas Is You" . On March 29, 2024, Malone was featured on the track "Levii's Jeans" off Beyoncé's eighth studio album, Cowboy Carter. On May 2, 2024, Malone announced his next single, entitled "I Had Some Help" , which released on May 10. The song earned 167 first-week adds at country radio, making it the second song in history to clear the panel in its first week after Garth Brooks in 1997 with "Longneck Bottle". It also broke Spotify's single-day country streaming record with nearly 14 million streams, debuted at No. 1 on the streaming platform's Global Daily chart and became its top male collaboration debut of all time, in addition to topping Apple Music's Global chart and Pandora's Top Thumb Hundred chart, upon release. It debuted at No. 18 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart. On June 13, 2024, Malone announced the single "Pour Me a Drink" . It was released on June 21. On June 18, 2024, Malone announced his sixth studio album, F-1 Trillion, which was released on August 16, 2024. On July 26, Malone released the third single from the album "Guy for That" . On November 19, 2024, Malone announced his eighth concert tour, along with his openers, fellow American rapper, singer, and songwriter Jelly Roll and American singer-songwriter and musician Sierra Ferrell. On December 25, Malone and Beyoncé gave their first performance of "Levii's Jeans" live as part of Beyoncé's 2024 NFL Halftime Show set list. On February 17, 2025, Malone announced the European leg of the tour consisting of various festivals and headline shows, with Jelly Roll also joining as the opening act on select dates. For the 50th anniversary celebrations for Saturday Night Live on February 14, Malone reunited with Nirvana members to perform "Smells Like Teen Spirit". Musical style Malone's music is hip-hop, pop, R&B, pop rap, trap, pop rock, country, indie pop, rap rock, and cloud rap. Malone's music has been described as a "melting pot of the country, grunge and hip hop" and Malone himself has been described as versatile. His vocal style has been described as "laconic". Jon Caramanica of The New York Times described Malone as "an artist who toes the line between singing and rapping, and hip-hop and spooky electric folk". Malone himself has called his music "genre-less". Malone cites Bob Dylan, in whom he became interested around the age of 15, as an influence on his music, calling him "a genius" and "a god" though his music has been called "about as far away from Rock n' Roll as you can get". He called "Subterranean Homesick Blues" the "first rap song". He has a tattoo of Dylan as well. Malone has cited Kurt Cobain and Johnny Cash as key influences too. Malone has also cited 50 Cent, whom he called a legend, Kanye West and Key! as influences. Relationship with the hip-hop community Malone has been called a "culture vulture" multiple times by different publications and on social media for appropriating African-American culture. California rapper Lil B wrote on Twitter in October 2017: "Post Malone is slowly turning into a white dude! Lol he's pushing it, give it a few years he gon be full country and hate blacks lol", with Malone replying in an interview, claiming that his white skin has been "used against him". In January 2018, Malone went on an intoxicated rant against people who describe him as a culture vulture. In an interview with GQ several days later, Malone said "there's a struggle being a white rapper." In a November 2017 interview with Polish media outlet Newonce, Malone said that modern hip-hop music lacks "people talking about real shit" and added that "if you're looking to think about life, don't listen to hip-hop." He was criticized for his comments, including by fellow rappers Lil B and Vince Staples. Malone later appeared in a video on Twitter, saying that the reason for his comments was that it was a "beer-tasting" interview, and going on to say that he loves hip-hop. Newonce, however, denied that claim, stating that Malone barely drank at all during the interview. In the follow-up Malone went on to say, "What I was saying was that when I wanna sit down and cry, I sit down and I listen to Bob Dylan and his guitar. Just like everyone else, no matter how hard you are, no matter where you're from, you're gonna have times where you sit back and reflect on your life and you listen to what you wanna listen to. For me, that's Bob Dylan." Other ventures During Malone's Runaway Tour in 2019, he released special-edition Bud Light beer cans at local stores in 15 cities. He also released multiple lines of sunglasses in collaboration with Arnette. Since 2018, he has released several collaborations with footwear company Crocs. The fifth and latest collaboration was released in December 2020. In May 2020, he launched his own line of French rosé wine, Maison No. 9, named after his favourite tarot card, the Nine of Swords. It sold out in two days upon being made available for sale. In August 2020, Post Malone invested in Envy Gaming. He became a co-owner of the organization. An enthusiast of the collectible trading card game Magic: The Gathering, in 2022 he collaborated with publisher Wizards of the Coast to create two special supplemental sets: "Secret Lair x Post Malone: Backstage Pass", with cards featuring himself in the title and art, and "Secret Lair x Post Malone: The Lands", with cards featuring his tattoos in the art and flavor texts written by him. He also owns the unique One Ring card, which he purchased for more than $2 million. In April 2023, Malone designed the exterior of a Raising Cane's restaurant location in Midvale, Utah. Personal life As of 2019, Malone resided in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, in a multimillion-dollar 12,700-square-foot home. His former home in San Fernando Valley, California, was burgled on September 1, 2018. On August 21, 2018, Malone boarded a plane leaving Teterboro Airport and was scheduled to land at London Luton Airport. The tires blew out during takeoff and the plane was rerouted to Stewart International Airport for an emergency landing. The plane landed safely. Once the plane had landed, Malone tweeted about the incident, writing "i landed guys. thank you for your prayers. can't believe how many people wished death on me on this website. fuck you. but not today." Malone was involved in a car crash on September 8, 2018. Malone's white Rolls-Royce Wraith was driving through Santa Monica in the early morning when it collided with another car at 3:30 am. Although no one was severely injured in the incident, several people were treated for minor injuries. Malone was in a three-year-long relationship with Ashlen Diaz, ending in November 2018. In May 2022, Malone announced that he was expecting his first child with his current girlfriend. In June, during an appearance on The Howard Stern Show, Malone revealed that he and his girlfriend are engaged and have welcomed a daughter. Malone has the initials of his child, "DDP", tattooed on his forehead. The song "Yours" on his album F-1 Trillion is inspired by his daughter as he envisions her getting married when she is older. Health In March 2020, a video surfaced that showed Malone falling and behaving oddly on stage to his song, "I Fall Apart", which made fans worry about his well-being and health. Malone later said that he was "not on drugs and I feel the best I've ever fucking felt in my life". His manager Dre London likewise claimed there was no need to worry and that Malone's behavior was part of the "act". Malone's father Richard Post also commented on the artist's behavior, stating that he does not "want to come across as dismissive to those of you who have expressed concern about Austin. Your sincerity and kindness regarding him is certainly heartwarming and appreciated." During his 2022 interview with Howard Stern, Malone revealed he has long struggled with alcoholism, but has recovered with the help of his fiancée. Tattoos Malone has a number of tattoos that he inked himself and has also inked tattoos on several friends and acquaintances. As of early 2021, he has at least 78 tattoos. Political views Malone has a tattoo of U.S. president John F. Kennedy on his arm, and has said that Kennedy was "the only President to speak out against the crazy corruption stuff that's going on in our government nowadays." In December 2016, Malone stated that if asked to perform at the inauguration of Donald Trump he would not have been opposed, though he stated that neither Trump nor Hillary Clinton were fit for president of the United States and expressed his support for Bernie Sanders during the election cycle. Malone later expressed a dislike for Trump in a November 2017 interview for Rolling Stone. In the same interview, he revealed that he has a large collection of guns and believes it is an American right to own and operate guns. Malone also expressed a strong interest in conspiracy theories when he said, "There's crazy shit that goes on that we can't explain." During a trip to Canada in 2018, Malone was interviewed and when asked what the "biggest lie is", he replied "The biggest lie in the world is the U.S. government. It's a fucking reality show and I think there's gonna be a lot of weird shit that happens within our generation that really changes the way of the world." Filmography Video games Discography Studio albums Stoney Beerbongs & Bentleys Hollywood's Bleeding Twelve Carat Toothache Austin F-1 Trillion Tours Headlining Hollywood Dreams Tour Stoney Tour Beerbongs & Bentleys Tour Runaway Tour Twelve Carat Tour ''If Y'all Weren't Here, I'd Be Crying'' Tour F-1 Trillion Tour Big Ass Stadium Tour Opening act Fetty Wap – Welcome to The Zoo Tour Justin Bieber – Purpose World Tour Future – Future Hndrxx Tour Red Hot Chili Peppers – Global Stadium Tour Awards and nominations

=== Pusha T ===
Terrence LeVarr Thornton , better known by his stage name Pusha T, is an American rapper. He rose to prominence as one half of the Virginia-based hip hop duo Clipse, which he formed with his older brother Malice. Mainly active from 1994 to 2010, the duo were discovered by Pharrell Williams and signed with his record label Star Trak Entertainment, an imprint of Arista Records in 2001. They released three studio albums—Lord Willin' , Hell Hath No Fury and Til the Casket Drops —to mild commercial success; the former spawned the Billboard Hot 100-top 40 singles "Grindin'" and "When the Last Time", for which they became best known. After the duo disbanded in 2010, Thornton promptly pursued a solo career. He signed with Kanye West's record label GOOD Music, an imprint of Def Jam Recordings following his work on West's fifth album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy . He guest featured on West's single "Runaway" in October of that year—which peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100—as well as his song "So Appalled" also from the album. He released two of his debut solo projects—Fear of God and Fear of God II: Let Us Pray—in 2011, prior to the release of his debut studio album, My Name Is My Name . Met with critical and commercial success, it peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 and was followed by his second and third albums King Push – Darkest Before Dawn: The Prelude and Daytona , which peaked at numbers 20 and three on the chart respectively. His fourth album, It's Almost Dry became his first to debut atop the Billboard 200. West appointed Thornton to take over his role as president of GOOD Music in late 2015, where he remained one of the label's flagship artists until his departure and dissociation with West in 2022. In 2020, he launched his record label Heir Wave Music Group, which aims as a platform for Virginia-based artists. Throughout his career, Thornton has received five Grammy Award nominations. Early life Pusha T was born Terrence LeVarr Thornton on May 13, 1977, in the Bronx borough of New York City, though the family soon relocated to Virginia Beach, Virginia, where he and his brother, Gene Thornton, grew up. As teenagers, the brothers both sold drugs, with Gene eventually being kicked out of their parents' house after they discovered what he was doing. Career 1993–2010: Clipse In 1992, alongside his brother, Thornton began to pursue a career in hip hop, forming a group known as Clipse. His older brother Gene was known for most of the group's duration as Malice . Shortly after forming Clipse, the brothers were introduced to record producer and fellow Virginian Pharrell Williams of The Neptunes, who helped them secure a recording contract with Elektra Records in 1997. Terrence initially took the stage name Terrar. After being signed to Elektra, they began working on their debut album, Exclusive Audio Footage. After recording the entire album, they released one single, "The Funeral", which was commercially unsuccessful and eventually led to the release of the album being cancelled and Clipse being dropped from the label shortly after. After being dropped, Terrar changed his name to Pusha T, and despite not being signed to a major label, he made numerous appearances on other artists' songs, appearing on Kelis' 1999 single "Good Stuff" and Nivea's 2001 single "Run Away ", respectively, thanks to his relationship with The Neptunes, who produced both songs. In early 2001, Pharrell Williams signed the duo to Arista Records through his recently established Star Trak imprint. Clipse began working on their major label debut, executively produced by The Neptunes. Their debut single, Grindin' was released on May 14, 2002, and became a summer Top 40 hit, reaching number 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 on July 30, 2002. Similar success followed with their second single, When the Last Time, which peaked at #19. Fueled by two successful singles, Clipse released their commercial debut album Lord Willin' on August 20, 2002, debuting at #1 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-hop Album chart and #4 on the Billboard 200, eventually being certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on October 1, 2002. In late 2003, Clipse began recording material for their second album, Hell Hath No Fury. However, further work on the album ground to a halt in 2004, when Arista Records's urban artists were absorbed into its sister label Jive Records as part of a larger merger between Sony Music Entertainment and BMG. Due to contractual requirements, Clipse was forced to stay on Jive, while Star Trak and the rest of its roster moved to their new home at Interscope Records. While Clipse resumed work on the album, and eventually finished recording it, the duo became increasingly frustrated with Jive, as the label was notorious for overlooking various hip-hop/R&B artists in favor of more pop-oriented acts on its roster. The label's musical strategy expansion caused numerous delays in the release of Hell Hath No Fury. As delays continued, the group asked for a formal release from its contract. When Jive refused to grant this request, the duo sued the label. In response to this, in 2004, the brothers launched their own record label imprint, Re-Up Records, and formed the hip hop group Re-Up Gang, along with fellow rappers Ab-Liva and Sandman. On May 9, 2006, Clipse finally reached an agreement with Jive to release the album through both Re-Up and Jive. Hell Hath No Fury was finally released on November 28, 2006. Once again produced by The Neptunes, it debuted at #14 on the Billboard 200 with over 80,000 copies sold in the 1st week. While the album received a great deal of critical acclaim, its sales were less successful than Lord Willin'. It spawned two moderately successful singles: "Mr. Me Too" with Pharrell Williams and "Wamp Wamp " with Slim Thug. Clipse's frustrations with Jive were a constant theme of the album, with Pusha T saying "I'm sorry to the fans, but them crackers weren't playing fair at Jive" on the track Mr. Me Too. The hip hop magazine XXL gave the album a "XXL" rating, marking it as a five-star album. At the time only five albums had previously received that honor. In a May 19, 2007, interview with Eye Weekly, Clipse revealed that they had been officially released from any contractual obligations with Jive. After this, the duo began discussions with several record labels, eventually signing with Columbia Records on October 26, 2007. The follow-up to Hell Hath No Fury, titled Til the Casket Drops, was released on December 8, 2009, via Columbia Records. In a departure from the group's previous works, which only featured production from the Neptunes, the album features production from Sean "Diddy" Combs' production team The Hitmen, and DJ Khalil among others. The album peaked at No. 41 on the Billboard 200. 2010–2011: Solo career beginnings After releasing their third album, Pusha T and Malice announced Clipse would be going on indefinite hiatus so the brothers could focus on their solo careers. Shortly after this, Pusha T was signed to Kanye West's GOOD Music label in September 2010, and made his first appearance as a member of the GOOD roster on Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, appearing on his hit "Runaway" and premiering the song with him at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards on September 12, 2010. He was also featured on several tracks from West's GOOD Fridays series and made other appearances on Swizz Beatz's Monster Mondays series, Lloyd Banks' H.F.M. 2 and Tabi Bonney's Fresh, respectively. On the week of December 16, 2010, Pusha T signed an exclusive management deal with NUE Agency. On February 11, 2011, Funkmaster Flex debuted Pusha T's debut solo single on New York City's Hot 97. The track, titled "My God", was produced by Hit-Boy and was generally well received by the public. Soon after, the song leaked onto the internet, however was not officially released through iTunes and Amazon until August 24, 2011. On August 31, 2011, it was announced Pusha had signed a solo record deal with Def Jam. On March 21, 2011, Pusha T released his solo debut, a mixtape titled Fear of God, which included "My God" and featured both freestyles and original songs, and included features from Kanye West, 50 Cent, Rick Ross, Pharrell Williams and Kevin Cossom. The mixtape was well received, and soon after he began working on his debut extended play Fear of God II: Let Us Pray, which initially included four songs from the mixtape and five new songs. The EP was originally set to be released on June 21, 2011; however, it was pushed back to August 23, and for a while September 27 was believed to be the date, but after it came and went, on October 6, 2011, Pusha T announced the EP was set to be released on November 8, 2011. In addition, it was revealed he had added four more songs to the EP, bringing it to 12 tracks in total. Considered a re-release of the initial Fear of God, it was released on November 8, 2011, and was well received by critics. The first single from Fear of God II: Let Us Pray was leaked onto the Internet on July 8, 2011. The song, titled "Trouble on My Mind", features Odd Future frontman Tyler, The Creator. The EP's second single, "Amen", was released September 13, 2011. The song, originally meant for Young Jeezy, was produced by Shawty Redd and features verses from Kanye West and Young Jeezy, respectively. After the EP's release on November 8, the project debuted at number 66 on the Billboard 200 with 8,900 copies sold in its first week released. It also entered at number ten on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, at number eight on Billboard's Top Rap Albums, and at number 25 on its Digital Albums chart. In 2011, Pusha T appeared on the second season of the HBO series How to Make It in America. He played the role of a henchman for Urban Caribbean League. After the release of his EP, Pusha T started working on his solo debut studio album, which would be executively produced by Kanye West. Pusha also said that after the release of his solo debut album and the Re-Up Gang mixtape, Long Live the Cane, Clipse would also reunite and release another album. In late 2011, Pusha made a guest appearance on English pop singer Pixie Lott's "What Do You Take Me For?", the second single from her second studio album Young Foolish Happy. The song was a hit single in the UK, peaking at number ten on the UK Top 40. Clipse then went on a full hiatus as his brother renamed himself "No Malice" and pursued a brief Christian hip-hop career. 2012–2014: My Name Is My Name On October 19, 2011, via Twitter, Kanye West announced plans for a Spring 2012 GOOD Music album, featuring all artists from the label as well as numerous guest appearances. On April 6, 2012, "Mercy", the lead single from the GOOD Music compilation album Cruel Summer was released. The song, produced by newly signed in-house producer Lifted, features Pusha T along with Kanye West, Big Sean and southern rapper 2 Chainz. On May 24, 2012, Pusha T released a song titled "Exodus 23:1" featuring The-Dream. It is speculated that the song is a diss track aimed at Young Money rappers Drake and Lil Wayne. This resulted in a diss-song by Lil Wayne, which Pusha T did not directly respond to, but branded it as "horrible" in an interview. He was featured alongside West on the third single for Cruel Summer - "New God Flow". In October 2012, Pusha T made an appearance on the soundtrack to the film The Man with the Iron Fists on a track titled "Tick Tock" alongside fellow American rappers Raekwon, Joell Ortiz and Danny Brown. On October 8, 2012, Pusha T released "Pain" featuring southern rapper Future, the first single from his debut album. That same day Spin magazine reported that Pusha T's debut album had been pushed back until 2013. While performing in Vancouver, Canada, it was reported that Pusha T announced he would be releasing a mixtape entitled Wrath of Caine preceding the release of his debut studio album. Later in November, Thornton announced the title of his debut studio album to be My Name Is My Name. On December 5, 2012, Pusha T released "Blocka" the first single from his Wrath of Caine mixtape. The song features Travis Scott and Popcaan. The music video for the song was released on December 11, 2012. The mixtape was released on January 28, 2013, along with the announcement of his album coming at the end of the first quarter of 2013. In January 2013 it was announced that Pusha would be performing at the 2013 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. My Name Is My Name was scheduled to be released on July 16, 2013, but was pushed back to October. Pusha T's debut studio album was released on October 8, 2013, featuring guest appearances from Rick Ross, Young Jeezy, 2 Chainz, Big Sean, Future, Pharrell Williams, Chris Brown and Kendrick Lamar, among others. The album was met with acclaim from music critics and was positioned high on many "Best Albums of 2013" lists by major publications. The album also fared well commercially, debuting at number 4 on the US Billboard 200, selling 74,000 copies in its first week of release. As of July 8, 2017, the album has sold 182,000 copies in the United States. The album was promoted by five singles: "Pain" featuring Future, "Numbers on the Boards", "Sweet Serenade" featuring Chris Brown, "Let Me Love You" featuring Kelly Rowland, and "Nosetalgia" featuring Kendrick Lamar, along with the promotional single "Who I Am" featuring 2 Chainz and Big Sean. The album includes production from Kanye West, The Neptunes, The-Dream, Just Blaze, No I.D., Nottz, Don Cannon and Swizz Beatz, among others. In an April 2013 interview with AskMen, Pusha revealed that shortly after his debut album was released, he would finish working on his second album, titled King Push. In 2013, Pusha T provided guest vocals over a Vice remix of "I'll Be Gone" for the remix album, Recharged, by American rock band Linkin Park. 2014–2017: King Push – Darkest Before Dawn On November 19, 2014, Pusha released a standalone single titled "Lunch Money," produced by Kanye West. In December 2014, Pusha T King Push for a Spring 2015 release. In May 2015, he announced the album would be pushed back to June. On November 9, 2015, Pusha T revealed to Billboard that he had been appointed the new president of GOOD Music. On November 12, 2015, Pusha T released a single titled "Untouchable", produced by Timbaland. On November 23, 2015, it was announced that Pusha T would release a new album, King Push – Darkest Before Dawn: The Prelude before the aforementioned King Push album, serving as a prelude to King Push. It was released on December 18, 2015 and received favorable reception from critics, and reached at number 20 on the Billboard 200. The album was executive produced by one of Pusha T's inspirations, Puff Daddy as well as manager Steven Victor. Darkest Before Dawn reached over 17 million streams in its first week. On May 31, 2016, Pusha T released the lead single from his upcoming King Push album, "Drug Dealers Anonymous" featuring Jay-Z, initially exclusively through Jay-Z's streaming service Tidal. In 2017, he collaborated once again with Linkin Park on the song "Good Goodbye" of the band's seventh studio album One More Light. In the same year, Pusha T collaborated with the virtual band Gorillaz on the song "Let Me Out" from their studio album Humanz. 2018–2022: Daytona and It's Almost Dry On April 19, 2018, Kanye West announced on his Twitter page that Pusha T's King Push album would be released on May 25, 2018. On May 23, 2018, Pusha T announced on his Twitter page that he changed the album title from King Push to Daytona. The album garnered controversy when West spent $85,000 to acquire the cover art: a photo of Whitney Houston's drug-filled bathroom, taken in her Atlanta, Georgia residence in 2006. Not only did the content of the album cover cause outside controversy, but Pusha T claims to not have agreed with the price West paid for the photo. On May 25, 2018, Daytona released to critical acclaim. It received an 86 on Metacritic, indicating "universal acclaim". Subsequently, he was named the "Best Rapper Alive" by Complex for 2018 for his work on Daytona and his diss track "The Story of Adidon". The album received praise from hip-hop veterans Nas and P. Diddy, calling it "a classic album" and "a modern day masterpiece". In 2024, Billboard named it as the 2nd 'Most Scathing Hip-Hop Diss of All Time'. In February 2020, Pusha T started a new record label, Heir Wave Media Group, to sign and develop artists from the Virginia area. He remained the president of GOOD Music while focusing on building a roster of artists from his home state. In creating the label, Pusha cited his desire to recruit "album artists" who craft narratives and larger stories throughout their projects. Local artists were encouraged to submit music to the Heir Wave Music YouTube channel and a weekly radio show on a local station, 103 Jamz FM. In the label's first year, Heir Wave Music signed Kahri 1k, Shaolinn, Leeto, and WhyNotDuce. On February 7, 2022, Pusha T released "Diet Coke", the lead single from his fourth studio album It's Almost Dry, which was produced by Kanye West and 88-Keys. The music video for the single was released the next day, directed by Omar Jones, and features Pusha T and West moving around over a white backdrop, which pays direct homage to Craig Mack's Flava in Ya Ear " music video. 88-Keys later revealed that the beat for the single was made 18 years before the song was made, on a beat tape named The Makings of Crack Cocaine. On March 4, Pusha T and Nigo released the single "Hear Me Clearly" for Nigo's album I Know Nigo!, the song is also set to appear on It's Almost Dry. He also appeared alongside his brother on the Clipse song "Punch Bowl" on the I Know Nigo! album as well. The music video also for "Hear Me Clearly" released on March 30. On April 6, Pusha T released the third single for It's Almost Dry, "Neck & Wrist" featuring rapper Jay-Z and Pharrell, and would later appear in an interview with Charlamagne tha God, which released on the 11th. On the 18th, Pusha T announced the release date of It's Almost Dry as April 22, and also announced a listening party in New York City named "Cokechella". The much-delayed album, primarily produced by frequent collaborators Pharrell Williams and Kanye West, was released on April 22 to widespread critical acclaim. On the week dated May 7, 2022, it debuted atop the Billboard 200 with a total of 55,000 album equivalent units, becoming Pusha T's first number-one album on the chart. 2022–2023: Heir Wave Music Group and departure from GOOD Music In December 2022, Pusha T announced his departure from GOOD Music after founder Kanye West's antisemitic and pro-race remarks. Speaking on West's support for "White Lives Matter", his 2024 presidential campaign and other public outbursts, Pusha T stated that they were nothing to "tap dance around". His departure also ended his tenure as the label's president. Shortly after, he changed his focus on his own label, Heir Wave Music Group. During an interview with Complex, Pusha T stated: "I have a particular need to build out Heir Wave as a platform and build out a circuit for artists within this region, simply because I feel like it's something that we've never had." He further added: "[the label] was made in the spirit of an “album artist”—artists who have a story to tell. They have a background for the fan who wants to be fully invested in that particular artist, their whole movement, and everything about them. That's how we’re picking artists. It's about authenticity. It's about pure music, whatever type of music it is. It must be pure." 2023–present: Post-GOOD Music To promote the film, Cocaine Bear, which was released on February 24, 2023, Pusha T remade the Grandmaster Flash and Melle Mel 1983 classic, "White Lines ", keeping the original chorus, but replacing the original verses with his own. He later performed at the 22nd Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in April 2023. In November 13, 2024, Thornton announced Grindin Coffee, which takes its name from the 2002 Clipse hit "Grindin'", which will launch nationwide in 2025. Feuds Consequence After Pusha T released "My God", the first single from his solo mixtape, his former GOOD Music label-mate Consequence took to Twitter and claimed Pusha T stole his flow and lyrics from a song of his that Pusha T was supposed to appear on, titled "The Last Supper". On July 22, 2011, Consequence released a song titled "The Plagiarist Society" where he takes shots and questions Pusha T's coke-dealing raps. Towards the end of the record, the Queens native promises to take aim at Kanye West next saying "You're nothing but a body shield, for that coward from the mid-west/ so yes you can bet, that your boss is next". Pusha T responded to the diss track when he appeared on Chicago's 107.5 WGCI's The Morning Riot and said nobody is looking for Consequence, as for if he would respond on a record, Pusha T went on to say "At the end of the day I am an artist and this whole rap thing is fun to me, so I can't say you won't hear nothing, but to go back and forth with him, it's not right, I won't get anything out of it." Later that day, Consequence called into Chicago's WGCI's The Morning Riot in retaliation to the remarks Pusha T made about him. He also premiered a song titled "Everybody Told Me 2 " where he disses West, Pusha T and GOOD Music in general. Since then Pusha T has responded to Consequence on a record. The song was the remix to Ace Hood's "Go 'N' Get It" which also featured Beanie Sigel, Busta Rhymes and Styles P. In the song Pusha raps "Consequence, nigga, talk is cheap You don't want a problem? Off the beef Before I off his ass with his awful teeth". On August 19, Consequence released Movies on Demand 3 and continued to diss his former label and Pusha T on songs such as "Career Killer" and "Mr.RapFix ". On September 15, 2011, Consequence appeared on MTV's Rap Fix and announced his feud with Kanye West and GOOD Music was over. While out in Chicago in October 2011, Pusha T appeared on WGCI radio for a second time, and confirmed that the "beef" was indeed over, that it had died out and they have moved on. In January 2015, the two officially ended the feud when Consequence took to his Instagram page to let the people know: "All G.O.O.D. in 2015, Pusha [T] and I deaded everything and we creatively vibed with Kanye for this new LP." Lil Wayne The tension between Pusha T and rapper Lil Wayne had been going on for years, beginning soon after Clipse and Birdman worked on "What Happened to That Boy", the latter's 2002 single. In 2006, Wayne felt the Clipse song "Mr. Me Too" was directed at him, and in 2012 Pusha T's "Exodus 23:1" song caused Lil Wayne to vent on Twitter, later releasing a diss track titled "Goulish", in which he says "Fuck Pusha T and anybody that love him / His head up his ass, I'mma have to head-butt him". Pusha T has called Wayne's diss track "horrible" and said he felt it did not deserve a response. Both men have downplayed the feud, with Wayne saying he is over it. However, in September 2012, Pusha T appeared on the remix of Chief Keef's I Don't Like, where he accused Wayne of using ghostwriters saying, "My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like", he has since confirmed that the line was a Wayne diss. In late November 2012, Pusha T once again dissed Wayne and Birdman on a Ludacris song titled "Mad Fo" from his #IDGAF mixtape. Pusha T later revealed his motivation for the verse: "Oh because it's a Swizz beat. You got to blame Swizz. See, when Wayne got a Swizz beat... with the "Ghoulish" track; he got busy, well he tried to." Drake After the release of Pusha T's song "Exodus 23:1" in 2012, Drake seemingly responded to Pusha on the intro to his 2013 album Nothing Was the Same, calling Pusha T a "bench player acting like a starter". The two directed subliminal disses towards each other between 2012 and 2017 with Pusha T rapping on the song "H.G.T.V", "It's too far gone when the realest ain't real / I walk amongst the clouds, so your ceilings ain't real/ These niggas Call of Duty 'cause they killings ain't real / With a questionable pen so the feeling ain't real," with Drake later responding on the diss track "Two Birds, One Stone" questioning Pusha T's drug dealing past. Pusha T further escalated the feud on the song "Infrared" from his 2018 album Daytona, where he accused Drake of using a ghostwriter. Drake responded to the song less than one day later, releasing a track titled "Duppy Freestyle" where he insults both Pusha T and Kanye West, accusing Pusha of being a fake drug dealer and claiming that he would boost sales of Pusha T's album just by dissing him. Pusha T responded to Duppy on May 29, 2018, with the track "The Story of Adidon" which featured Pusha responding to Drake over the instrumental of Jay-Z's 2017 single "The Story of O.J." The song debuted on Hot 97 and has lines directed towards rumors Drake has an illegitimate child and his producer's multiple sclerosis. The song additionally referenced Pusha's ongoing beef with Lil Wayne and Birdman. The song's cover art also attracted controversy, showing an unedited picture of Drake wearing a Jim Crow t-shirt and hoodie and blackface makeup. Drake eventually admitted to losing the feud in an interview with RapRadar, saying it was his "first loss in the competitive sport of rapping." McDonald's In a June 2016 interview, former record executive Steve Stoute claimed that Pusha T had allegedly written the McDonald's "I'm lovin' it" jingle. Thornton later confirmed the news on Twitter. However, this claim has been disputed by advertising executives who created the campaign, and a McDonald's marketing executive. Neither Stoute nor Pusha T have commented on the dispute. On March 21, 2022, Pusha T recorded a freestyle for a commercial presented by fast food chain Arby's, naming it "Spicy Fish Diss", aimed at rival fast food chain McDonald's. On the track, he states that their Filet-O-Fish sandwich was "disgusting", and states that Arby's Fish Sandwich is better. This was revenge toward the company for not crediting him for helping popularize the "I'm lovin' it" advertising campaign. Jim Jones Pusha T entered into a dispute with Jim Jones, which began in May 2023 after the latter dismissed the former on the Breakfast Club, when he claimed that he "couldn't name any top five Pusha T songs". A month later, on June 25, a snippet of an unnamed diss track by Pusha T was released. The following week, on July 6, Jim Jones responded with "Summer Collection". Podcaster Joe Budden also defended "Summer Collection", while calling Pusha T a "sore loser". Jones' former collaborator and friend, Cam'ron, also sided with him in the midst of the falling out. Personal life On June 11, 2020, Pusha T and his wife Virginia Williams welcomed their first child, Nigel Brixx Thornton. The child's name attracted reactions online for "Brixx" being an apparent slang term for cocaine, something which Pusha T raps about often. In November 2021, Pusha T's mother died as did his father four months later. Discography Studio albums My Name Is My Name King Push – Darkest Before Dawn: The Prelude Daytona It's Almost Dry Awards and nominations

=== Sean Paul ===
Sean Paul Ryan Francis Henriques is a Jamaican dancehall musician. Paul's first album, Stage One, was released in 2000. He gained international fame with his second album, Dutty Rock, in 2002. Its single "Get Busy" topped the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States, as did "Temperature", off his third album, The Trinity . Paul frequently invokes the nickname "Chanderpaul", originating from the similarity between his first two names and cricketer Shivnarine Chanderpaul. In the Vice documentary The Story of 'Get Busy' by Sean Paul, when asked "How did you become 'Sean Da Paul'", Paul recalls how others would call him Chan-der-paul, and the name stuck. He then started saying it in shows and recordings. Most of his albums have been nominated for Grammy Awards for Best Reggae Album, with Dutty Rock winning the award. Paul has been featured in many other singles, including chart-toppers "Baby Boy" by Beyoncé, "Breathe" by Blu Cantrell, "What About Us" by The Saturdays, "Rockabye" by Clean Bandit, "Cheap Thrills" by Sia, and "Fuego" by DJ Snake. "Cheap Thrills" and "Rockabye", along with Paul's own "No Lie" , each have over 1 billion views on YouTube, with "Rockabye" having reached over 2.7 billion views. Early life Sean Paul Ryan Francis Henriques was born in Kingston on 9 January 1973. His mother Frances, a painter, is of English and Chinese Jamaican descent. His Portuguese paternal great-grandfather's Sephardic Jewish family emigrated from Portugal to Jamaica in the 17th century. Paul’s father also has Afro-European ancestry. Paul's father, Garth Henriques, was believed to be descended from Portuguese horse thieves who were fleeing from bounty hunters in a ship that sank in Jamaica. Paul was raised as a Catholic, although he also attended the Jewish private school Hillel Academy in Jamaica. Several members of his family are swimmers. His grandfather was on the first Jamaican men's national water polo team. His father also played water polo for the team in the 1960s, and competed in long-distance swimming, while Paul's mother was a butterfly swimmer. When Paul was 15, his father was arrested on charges of manslaughter and sentenced to 15 years in prison; he was released for good behavior when Paul was 19. Paul played for the national water polo team from the age of 13 to 21, when he gave up the sport in order to launch his musical career. He attended Wolmer's Boys' School and the College of Arts, Science, and Technology, now known as the University of Technology, where he was trained in commerce with an aim of pursuing an occupation in swimming. In 1992, Paul worked as a bank teller and enrolled in a hotel-management program, learning the basics of French cuisine. Career 1994–2000: Early beginnings and rise to fame In 1994, Paul appeared in Carrot Jetter's music video "Nice Time". Zachary Harding told his brother, Jeremy, about a singer that he had heard perform live at a small open mic event in Kingston, who sounded a lot like dancehall deejay and toaster Super Cat. Jeremy eventually met the singer when Paul came by his studio to ask for some advice. During the meeting, Paul recorded a vocal over Harding's rhythm track and in the process created the song "Baby Girl". Jeremy subsequently became Paul's manager and producer. Paul began hanging out at the studio every day, and the pair collaborated on several more tracks. When they recorded "Infiltrate" they decided they had something good enough to get on the radio. As Paul started to attract local attention, Harding began looking after his affairs. He later told HitQuarters that his support of Paul's fledgling career initially led him assuming the roles of "DJ, manager, road manager, and security-guard". In 1997, Paul collaborated with singer Spanner Banner on the song "Ladies Man". Paul made a cameo appearance in the 1998 film Belly on stage performing. He made a successful collaboration with DMX and Mr. Vegas, "Top Shotter", to the soundtrack of the film. In 2000, Paul released his debut album, Stage One with VP Records. In the same year, Paul collaborated with Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall and singer July Black on the song "Money Jane" from Offishall's album Quest for Fire: Firestater, Vol. 1. 2001–2015: Atlantic Records deal and international success In 2001, Paul continued his work with manager and producer Jeremy Harding, Paul released a single "Gimme the Light" after writing and recording his lyrics to the "Buzz" riddim, the single turned out to be a nationwide success in Jamaica and eventually became a worldwide smash hit in 2002, ultimately reaching number 7 on the Billboard Hot 100, the early crossover momentum of the single would help Paul secure a record deal with Atlantic Records in a joint venture deal with his label VP Records, the single would then appear on his second studio album, Dutty Rock which was released in November 2002. All of its latter hit singles would also receive heavy airplay and rotation on MTV and BET. In early 2003, the second single "Get Busy" was released and would end up topping the Billboard Hot 100 months later, making it Paul's first number-one hit, it was also the first ever dancehall song to top the chart. Dutty Rock became a worldwide commercial success, peaking in the top ten on the Billboard 200, was certified double-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and eventually selling over six million copies worldwide. Dutty Rock won the Best Reggae Album at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards in 2004. "Get Busy" was also nominated for Best Male Rap Solo Performance in that year. Simultaneously, Paul was featured on Beyoncé's U.S. number-one hit song "Baby Boy" and Blu Cantrell's "Breathe", although didn't perform well in the United States but was a massive hit in Europe. Both helped to push his reputation further still in the United States. This album not only further popularized dancehall music in the 2000s, but also helped developed and popularized the genre of dancehall pop, a musical fusion between the rhythmic styles and melodies of dancehall and pop music. Paul's third album The Trinity was released on 27 September 2005. The album debuted at number 5 on the Billboard 200, breaking records with its first-week sales for a reggae/dancehall artist, eventually going Platinum in the United States and selling 4 million copies worldwide. The album produced five big hits, "We Be Burnin'", Ever Blazin'", " Give It Up to Me" , "Never Gonna Be the Same", and the U.S. chart-topping smash hit "Temperature", making it his third number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 with "Temperature" becoming one of his signature hits. The video of " Give It Up to Me" was featured in the film Step Up in 2006. He was nominated for four awards at the 2006 Billboard Music Awards, including Male Artist of the Year, Rap Artist of the Year, Hot 100 Single of the Year, and Pop 100 Single of the Year for "Temperature". He also won an American Music Award for " Give It Up to Me", beating Kanye West and Nick Lachey, who were also nominated for the award. "Send It On" from The Trinity featured on the 2005 Vauxhall Corsa advert. Paul often contributes his songs to various Riddim Driven albums by VP Records. In March 2007, he returned to Jamaica to perform at the 2007 Cricket World Cup opening ceremony. Paul appears in the video game Def Jam: Fight for NY as part of Snoop Dogg's crew and again in the game's sequel, Def Jam: Icon. Paul's fourth album Imperial Blaze was released on 18 August 2009. The lead single, "So Fine", which was produced by Stephen "Di Genius" McGregor, premiered on Paul's website on 25 April 2009. The album consists of 20 tracks including "So Fine", "Press It Up", "She Want Me", and "Private Party", which are party tracks, and also love songs such as "Hold My Hand" , "Lately", and "Now That I've Got Your Love", among others. Producers on the album include Don Corleone, Jeremy Harding, and Paul's brother Jason "Jigzagula" Henriques. All the songs of the album were added to Paul's Myspace page on the day of release of the album. The album spawned eight music videos: "Always On My Mind" with Da'Ville, "Give It to You" with Eve, "Watch Dem Roll", "Back It Up" with Leftside, "Push It Baby" with Pretty Ricky, "Hit 'Em" with Fahrenheit and his brother Jason "Jigzagula" Henriques, "Come Over" with Estelle, and also the video of his first single, "So Fine". Paul appeared in Shaggy's video, "Save a Life", which also includes appearances from Elephant Man and Da'Ville, among others. In an effort to raise money for a children's hospital, Shaggy, Paul, and others had a benefit concert. All proceeds went towards getting new equipment and technology 'For Aid to the Bustamante Hospital for Children'. During the premiere for M-Net's Big Brother Africa: All-Stars on 18 July 2010, he performed his songs "Temperature", "Hold My Hand", and "So Fine". Paul's fifth album Tomahawk Technique was released on 24 January 2012. The first single, "Got 2 Luv U", features vocals from American singer Alexis Jordan. The song was written by Paul, Ryan Tedder, and Stargate, who also produced the song. "She Doesn't Mind" is the second single from the album. It was written by Paul, Shellback, and Benny Blanco and was also produced by Shellback and Blanco. It was released on 29 September 2011 on NRJ and Skyrock , and to iTunes on 31 October. Like its predecessor, "Got 2 Luv U", it topped the charts in Switzerland, but it debuted at that spot. Paul appeared on the Never Mind the Buzzcocks episode, which aired on 21 November 2011. Tomahawk Technique was released on 18 September 2012 in the U.S. The album was nominated for the Best Reggae Album at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2011, Paul released his first riddim called "Blaze Fia Riddim" under Dutty Rock Productions, his own label. In 2012, Paul was asked to team up with Congorock and Stereo Massive to feature vocals on their song "Bless Di Nation". During 2013, Paul worked on his sixth studio album Full Frequency, which was released on 18 February 2014. The first single on the album, "Other Side of Love", was released to iTunes on 10 June 2013. The second single, "Entertainment 2.0", which features 2 Chainz and Juicy J, was released on 25 June 2013. Paul released the official remix to the song on 3 September 2013 with an additional feature from Nicki Minaj. "Turn It Up" was released as a single in the UK on 20 October 2013. It was to be released in Germany on 22 November 2013. "Want Dem All" was released as a single in the U.S. on 5 November 2013. The album features guest appearances from Damian Marley, Iggy Azalea, Brick & Lace, Konshens, Nicki Minaj, 2 Chainz, and Juicy J. Also in 2013, Paul was featured on the single "What About Us" by British girl group The Saturdays. The single went straight to the top of the Official UK Charts with over 100,000 sales in its first week, becoming the fastest selling single of the year at the time of release. In January 2014, Paul was the main international artist at Fiestas Palmares 2014 in Costa Rica. Also in 2014, Paul was featured on the official English-language version of long-running Latin American chart-topper "Bailando" by Enrique Iglesias featuring Gente de Zona and Descemer Bueno. The video for the English version was shot concurrently with the video for the Spanish version in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. The English version reached top 10 status in the United States and topping the charts of several other countries. Paul appeared on the EP Apocalypse Soon by electronic music group Major Lazer, on the track "Come On to Me", which was released as the second single from the album, after "Aerosol Can", a collaboration with Pharrell Williams. He also collaborated with Nigerian singer Timaya on a remix of his song "Bum Bum". An accompanying video, directed by Shutah Films, was released online on 11 April. On 6 July 2015, Paul released the music video for his song "Take It Low" on the album Full Frequency. 2016–2018: New label and commercial resurgence Paul had already become an independent artist after parting ways with Atlantic Records in September 2014. Under new management of Jules Dougall of Dougall Group and Steve "Urchin" Wilson, Paul enjoyed a commercial resurgence in his career throughout 2016 after being featured on Australian singer Sia's remix version of her song "Cheap Thrills", it topped the Billboard Hot 100, making it Paul's first number-one hit on the chart since 2006. The song was also a global success, reaching number one in more than 15 other countries. It reportedly ended up becoming the most Shazamed song of 2016. Following this resurgence, Paul signed a new record deal with Island Records in July 2016. In October 2016, Clean Bandit released the song "Rockabye", which features Paul and English singer Anne-Marie. It peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 and spent nine consecutive weeks at number one of the UK Singles Chart, and gained the coveted Christmas number one. The song would go on to become a massive global hit in 2017, reaching number one in 18 other countries. In November 2016, Paul cited Toots and the Maytals as inspiration when it comes to his own personal career longevity by saying, "I've seen some great people in my industry, you know, people like Toots... Toots and the Maytals. Toots he's a great reggae artist and he's still doing it... He's up there in years and he's doing it. Those kind of artists inspire me. I know I'm just going to keep on doing music as long as I can." On 18 November 2016, he released a new single "No Lie" , which served as the lead single from his EP Mad Love the Prequel, which would be released in 2018, making it his first project release with Island Records. The song would eventually become a global phenomenon over the following six years after its release, it became a top-ten hit in 10 different countries and would end up becoming his most streamed song across streaming platforms, the music video, directed by Tim Nackashi, also surpassed 1 billion views on YouTube in April 2022, making it his most popular music video. One of the few other singles off the EP, "Mad Love", a collaboration with David Guetta, which features singer Becky G, would also make a global impact on the charts, peaking within the top 50 in multiple continents. In 2018, Paul featured in a bilingual remix of CNCO's song "Hey DJ", alongside American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor, which was released on November 9, 2018, by Sony Music Latin. 2019–present: Crossover to Latin music market and latest projects In March 2019, Paul collaborated with Colombian singer J Balvin on a bilingual song called "Contra La Pared", the song peaked within the top 15 of the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, making it his seventh entry on the chart. It was also a major hit in Spain, peaking in the top 10 on the nation's chart and was a top 30 hit in both Colombia and Argentina. Paul had suggested that Jamaican musicians making use of "hardcore patois", a mixture of English with several languages spoken in Jamaica, create a language barrier that prevents them from becoming successful in the United States and the United Kingdom. It was announced that he would receive the Order of Distinction from the Jamaican government on 21 October 2019, "for contribution to the global popularity and promotion of reggae music". In August 2019, Paul was nominated alongside Drake, DJ Snake, and Snow for the Favorite Crossover Artist category at the 2019 Latin American Music Awards. In March 2021, Paul released his seventh studio album called Live n Livin under his own label Dutty Rock Productions. Paul collaborated with fellow Jamaican artists Spice and Shaggy for a dancehall single called "Go Down Deh". They performed the song live on Good Morning America, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, and The Wendy Williams Show. The song was massively well-received worldwide on the internet and was named the "dancehall track of the year" for 2021 by NPR. In May 2022, Paul released his eighth studio album Scorcha through Island Records. In September 2022, Paul appeared in season 22 of The Voice as Gwen Stefani's coach advisor. In April 2023, Paul collaborated on another bilingual song called "Niña Bonita" with Colombian singer Feid, the single peaked within the top 50 of the Hot Latin Songs making it his ninth entry on the chart, it has also become a top-10 hit in both Colombia and Ecuador and a top-20 hit in Peru, Spain and Chile. In October 2023, Paul received a nomination for Crossover Artist of the Year at the 2023 Billboard Latin Music Awards. Business ventures In 2011, Paul established his own record label, Dutty Rock Productions, along with his production team. In 2017, Paul signed Jamaican artist Chi Ching Ching to the label, making it the label's first signing. In 2022, in promotion of his eighth studio album Scorcha, he released his own brand of Jamaican patties called the "Scorcha Patty" along with its hot sauce in partnership with a United Kingdom-based Jamaican restaurant called Port Royal, which was made available for a limited time. Philanthropy In 2016, Paul donated $1 million JMD toward Bustamante Hospital for Children. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Paul founded the "Sean Paul Foundation" in 2020, aiding less-fortunate communities in Jamaica with donations of groceries to poor families and distribution of tablet computers to primary schools for students. Activism Paul has spoken out about climate change. In 2015, he attended the United Nations Climate Change conference, expressing concerns over pollution, the coastal erosions of beaches in Jamaica and has said that athletes in the country are having to "run in smog". He has advocated for waste reduction, solar power and the use of electric cars. He collaborated with Paul McCartney, Natasha Bedingfield, Bon Jovi, Colbie Caillat, and various other artists on a single called "Love Song to the Earth" to spread awareness about climate change. In 2018, Paul was named an ambassador for climate change in the Caribbean. In 2022, Paul stated in his efforts to help combat climate change; "I have made the move to make my whole house solar powered. From the water to all the lights, and it runs my studio as well". Personal life As a teenager he dated Nicole Wynter, who passed away from a brain tumor at age 17. She is mentioned in the singer's song "Never Gonna Be The Same Again" and a photo of her was shown in the music video. In 2012, Paul married Jamaican television host Jodi Stewart. In August 2016, it was announced that the couple was expecting their first child. On 26 February 2017, Paul announced the birth of their son. Their second child was born on 20 August 2019. Discography Stage One Dutty Rock The Trinity Imperial Blaze Tomahawk Technique Full Frequency Live n Livin Scorcha Filmography Film Television Documentary Video games Awards and nominations Grammy Awards Other awards

=== Summer Walker ===
Summer Marjani Walker is an American R&B singer-songwriter. Born and raised in Atlanta, she signed with the local record label Love Renaissance, an imprint of Interscope Records in late 2017. The following year, she released her debut commercial mixtape Last Day of Summer , supported by its lead single, "Girls Need Love." The song became her first entry on the Billboard Hot 100 and spawned a remix featuring Canadian rapper Drake. Her debut studio album, Over It was met with critical and commercial success, peaking at number two on the Billboard 200 chart—briefly breaking the record for the biggest debut streaming week for a female R&B artist—and receiving triple platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America . Her second album, Still Over It debuted atop the Billboard 200. The album broke the record for most streams in a single day by a female artist on Apple Music and broke her previous record for largest streaming debut-week for a female R&B artist; she also matched Taylor Swift as the only female musical act to have 18 concurrent songs from one album enter the Billboard Hot 100. It spawned the single "Ex for a Reason" , which peaked within the top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100, while its follow-up, "No Love" , peaked within the top 15 and received platinum certification by the RIAA. Her 2023 single, "Good Good" also entered the chart's top 40. Her accolades include a Billboard Music Award, a IHeartRadio Music Awards, three Soul Train Music Awards, and two Grammy Award nominations. In 2022 Billboard Women in Music recognized Walker with the Chart Breaker Award for her achievement on Billboard charts. As of 2025, Walker has sold over 32 million certified units from the RIAA between albums and songs. Early life Walker was born and raised in Atlanta. From 2016 to 2018, she had a small cleaning business. She taught herself how to play the guitar by watching tutorials on YouTube. Soon after, she began performing covers and posting various videos of herself to both YouTube and Vine. Career 2018–2019: Career beginnings and Last Day of Summer Walker was discovered on Vine by a woman of the same name, who works as the studio manager of an Atlanta-based label called Love Renaissance. In 2017, she signed with this label and Interscope Records. On October 19, 2018, Walker released her debut commercial mixtape, titled Last Day of Summer, supported by the lead single, "Girls Need Love". Walker's album contained her thoughts on love, doubt, and womanhood. Towards the end of 2018, Walker toured with 6lack on the From East Atlanta With Love Tour. Following the success of her mixtape, Apple Music named Walker as its newest Up Next artist in 2019, and she became the number 8 R&B artist worldwide across the platform. On January 25, 2019, Walker released her first EP titled Clear, consisting of four tracks of acoustic recordings. On February 27, she released the remix to her song, "Girls Need Love", with Drake. 2019–2020: Breakthrough and Over It On August 23, 2019, Walker released "Playing Games" as the first single for her debut album, titled Over It. The song, which contains an interpolation of Destiny's Child's number-one hit "Say My Name", was produced by London on da Track. Over It debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with 134,000 units in its first week. Its debut week marked the largest streaming week for an R&B album by a female artist, in terms of on-demand audio streams. The album topped the R&B Albums chart for 14 nonconsecutive weeks. Walker supported Over It with her accompanying The First and Last Tour, which kicked off on October 20. Walker canceled 20 out of 29 dates, citing social anxiety. On November 17, Walker won her first Soul Train Music Award for Best New Artist, but later received backlash from fans for her short speech and was accused of faking her social anxiety. On June 29, Walker announced the release of an EP, titled Life on Earth to be released on July 10. The announcement came a day after she performed "Session 32" and "Come Thru" with Usher at the 2020's BET Awards, where Walker was nominated for Best New Artist and Best Female R&B/Pop Artist. Life on Earth debuted atop the Billboard's Top R&B Albums chart, becoming Walker's second number one. It also debuted at number 8 on the Billboard 200 becoming Walker's second top 10 project on the chart. Two tracks from the EP charted on the Billboard Hot 100: "Let It Go", and "My Affection" featuring PartyNextDoor, at numbers 84 and 86, respectively. "Come Thru" featuring Usher was certified platinum on August 20 by the Recording Industry Association of America . A few days later, on August 25, her song "Body" was certified gold, "Playing Games" was certified two-time platinum, and "Girls Need Love" was certified three-time platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America , respectively. On October 14, Walker won the Billboard Music Award for the Best Female R&B Artist at the 2020 ceremony, beating out Beyoncé and Lizzo. Walker was also nominated for Top R&B Artist and Top R&B Album for Over It. On November 23, she released a repackaged version of the Over It album, titled Over It . The repackaged version of the album features all 18 songs from the standard version of the album plus additional instrumentals, a capella versions, live renditions and more. On December 10, Walker's debut song, "Session 32" was certified gold and her collaboration featuring Jhené Aiko, titled "I'll Kill You" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America , respectively. On the Billboard 200 year-end chart of 2020, Over It was the second best performing R&B album of the year behind The Weeknd's After Hours and was the seventeenth best performing album overall. 2021–present: Still Over It On November 5, 2021, Walker released her second album Still Over It which has since broken the record for biggest R&B debut on the US albums chart since Beyoncé's album Lemonade. The album surpassed 166,000 units within the first week of release. On November 29, Walker and Ari Lennox performed the song "Unloyal" together at the 2021 Soul Train Music Awards. The "No Love" extended remix featuring Cardi B was announced on March 21, 2022. On March 25, it was released along with a music video. In May, Walker was featured on Kendrick Lamar's track "Purple Hearts" from the 2022 album Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers, for which Walker earned her first Grammy Award nomination. On September 28, 2022, Ciara released the single "Better Thangs", featuring Walker. The official music video, directed by Mia Barnes, premiered online on September 30. In 2023, Walker was featured on several songs including "Good Good" by Usher, "So Be It" by Alex Vaughn, "Hell n Back" by Bakar, "I Might" by Sexyy Red, and "Prove It" by 21 Savage. She also released her Clear 2: Soft Life EP, which served as a sequel to her 2019 EP, Clear, and rereleased her debut commercial mixtape, Last Day Of Summer , along with four new versions of her song Girls Need Love, titled Girls Need Love . These updated versions, which included a solo acoustic performance from Walker, also featured artists like Victoria Monet, Tyla, and Tink. Personal life Walker has well over 24 tattoos as of 2019, including face tattoos. In November 2020, Walker announced that she was expecting her first child, with then-boyfriend London on da Track. Her daughter was born on March 22, 2021. Months later, the pair ended their relationship. On June 25, 2022, she announced on Instagram Live that she was expecting her second child with then-boyfriend rapper Larry A.K.A. Lvrd Pharaoh. She gave birth to twin boys on December 29, 2022. She dated BMF co-star and rapper Demetrius Flenory Jr. from April to July 2023. In December 2024, she began dating Chicago rapper Rico Recklezz. Artistry Walker has said that she draws inspiration from Amy Winehouse, Jimi Hendrix, Donell Jones and Erykah Badu. She noted Mary J. Blige as an inspiration for the vulnerability and authenticity she displays in her own music, saying "back when Mary J. Blige and Faith Evans were making R&B, they had real pain and real stories. That's why it was so good." Walker has also cited Lauryn Hill and D'Angelo as inspirations for her to experiment and explore new sounds within the R&B and neo soul genres. Discography Studio albums Over It Still Over It Finally Over It Mixtapes and EPs Last Day of Summer Clear Life on Earth Clear 2: Soft Life Tours Headlining The First and Last Tour The Summer Walker Series Awards and nominations Notes

=== Taylor Swift ===
Taylor Alison Swift is an American singer-songwriter known for her autobiographical songwriting, artistic versatility, and cultural impact. Swift is one of the world's best-selling music artists and has a record seven albums that each sold one million copies first-week in the US. She is the highest-grossing touring artist and the richest female musician, and the first billionaire with music as the primary source of income. Swift signed to Big Machine Records in 2005, debuting as a country singer with the albums Taylor Swift and Fearless . The singles "Teardrops on My Guitar", "Love Story", and "You Belong with Me" found crossover success on country and pop radio formats. She incorporated rock on Speak Now and electronic on Red , later re-calibrating her image from country to pop with the synth-pop set 1989 ; the ensuing media scrutiny inspired the hip-hop-imbued Reputation . The albums contained the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", "Shake It Off", "Blank Space", "Bad Blood", and "Look What You Made Me Do". Shifting to Republic Records in 2018, Swift released the electropop album Lover and explored indie folk styles in the 2020 albums Folklore and Evermore. She experimented with subdued pop genres on Midnights and The Tortured Poets Department , and began re-recording her Big Machine albums as Taylor's Version due to an ownership dispute with the label. Through the 2020s, she garnered the US number-one songs "Cardigan", "Willow", "All Too Well", "Anti-Hero", "Cruel Summer", "Is It Over Now?", and "Fortnight". She has embarked on six concert tours, including the Eras Tour , the highest-grossing tour of all time. Her films include Miss Americana , All Too Well: The Short Film , and The Eras Tour —the highest-grossing concert film. A prominent figure in popular music, Swift has received extensive media coverage and has a global fanbase known as Swifties. Swift has been listed amongst history's greatest artists by publications such as Rolling Stone and Billboard, as well as the only individual from the arts to have been named the Time Person of the Year . Her accolades include 14 Grammy Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award, and a record five IFPI Global Recording Artist of the Year awards. Swift is the most-awarded artist of the American Music Awards , the Billboard Music Awards , and the MTV Video Music Awards . Early life Taylor Alison Swift was born on December 13, 1989, in West Reading, Pennsylvania. She is named after the singer-songwriter James Taylor. Her father, Scott Kingsley Swift, was a stockbroker for Merrill Lynch, and her mother, Andrea Gardner Swift , worked as a mutual fund marketing executive. Swift's younger brother, Austin, is an actor. The siblings are of Scottish, English, and German descent, with distant Italian and Irish ancestry. Their maternal grandmother, Marjorie Finlay , was an opera singer, whose singing in church became one of Swift's earliest memories of music that shaped her career. Swift spent her early years on a Christmas tree farm in Pennsylvania that her father had purchased from one of his clients, and she spent her summers at her family's vacation home in Stone Harbor, New Jersey, where she occasionally performed acoustic songs at a local coffee shop. She is Christian and attended preschool and kindergarten at a Montessori school run by the Bernardine Sisters of St. Francis before transferring to the Wyndcroft School. When her family moved to Wyomissing, she attended Wyomissing Area Junior/Senior High School. As a child, she performed in Berks Youth Theatre Academy productions and traveled regularly to New York City for vocal and acting lessons. Her early love for country music was influenced by Shania Twain, Patsy Cline, LeAnn Rimes, and the Dixie Chicks, and she spent weekends performing at local festivals and events. After watching a documentary about Faith Hill, she became determined to pursue a country music career in Nashville, Tennessee. At 11, Swift traveled to Nashville with her mother to visit record labels and submit demo tapes of Dolly Parton and Dixie Chicks karaoke covers. She was rejected by all the labels, which led her to focus on songwriting. She started learning the guitar at 12 with the help of Ronnie Cremer, a computer repairman and local musician who also assisted Swift with writing an original song. In 2003, Swift and her parents started working with the talent manager Dan Dymtrow. With his help, Swift modeled for Abercrombie & Fitch and had an original song included on a Maybelline compilation CD. After performing original songs at an RCA Records showcase, 13-year-old Swift was given an artist development deal and began to travel regularly to Nashville with her mother. To help Swift break into the country music scene, her father transferred to Merrill Lynch's Nashville office when she was 14 years old, and the family relocated to Hendersonville, Tennessee. Swift attended Hendersonville High School before transferring to Aaron Academy after two years, which better accommodated her touring schedule through homeschooling. She graduated one year early. Career 2004–2008: Career beginnings and first album In Nashville, Swift worked with experienced Music Row songwriters such as Troy Verges, Brett Beavers, Brett James, Mac McAnally, and the Warren Brothers and formed a lasting working relationship with Liz Rose. They began meeting for two-hour writing sessions every Tuesday afternoon after school. Rose called the sessions "some of the easiest I've ever done. Basically, I was just her editor. She'd write about what happened in school that day. She had such a clear vision of what she was trying to say. And she'd come in with the most incredible hooks." At 14, Swift became the youngest artist signed by Sony/ATV Tree Music Publishing. She left RCA Records due to the label's lack of care and their "cut[ting] other people's stuff". She was also concerned that development deals can shelve artists and recalled: "I genuinely felt that I was running out of time. I wanted to capture these years of my life on an album while they still represented what I was going through." At an industry showcase at Nashville's Bluebird Cafe in 2005, Swift caught the attention of Scott Borchetta, a DreamWorks Records executive who was preparing to form an independent record label, Big Machine Records. She had first met Borchetta in 2004. She was one of Big Machine's first signings, and her father purchased a three-percent stake in the company for an estimated $120,000. She began working on her eponymous debut album with Nathan Chapman. Swift wrote or co-wrote all album tracks, and co-writers included Rose, Robert Ellis Orrall, Brian Maher, and Angelo Petraglia. Released in October 2006, Taylor Swift peaked at number five on the US Billboard 200, on which it spent 157 weeks—the longest stay on the chart by any release in the US in the 2000s decade. Swift became the first female country music artist to write or co-write every track on a platinum-certified debut album. Big Machine Records was still in its infancy during the June 2006 release of the lead single, "Tim McGraw", which Swift and her mother helped promote by packaging and sending copies of the CD single to country radio stations. She spent much of 2006 promoting Taylor Swift with a radio tour and television appearances; she opened for Rascal Flatts on select dates during their 2006 tour, as a replacement for Eric Church. Borchetta said that although record industry peers initially disapproved of his signing a 15-year-old singer-songwriter, Swift tapped into a previously unknown market—teenage girls who listen to country music. Following "Tim McGraw", four more singles were released throughout 2007 and 2008: "Teardrops on My Guitar", "Our Song", "Picture to Burn", and "Should've Said No". All appeared on Billboard's Hot Country Songs, with "Our Song" and "Should've Said No" reaching number one. "Our Song" made Swift the youngest person to single-handedly write and sing a Hot Country Songs number-one single, and "Teardrops on My Guitar" was Swift's breakthrough single on mainstream radio and charts. Swift released two EPs, The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection in October 2007 and Beautiful Eyes in July 2008. She promoted her debut album extensively as the opening act for other country musicians' tours in 2006 and 2007, including those by George Strait, Brad Paisley, and Tim McGraw and Faith Hill. Swift won multiple accolades for Taylor Swift. She was one of the recipients of the Nashville Songwriters Association's Songwriter/Artist of the Year in 2007, becoming the youngest person given the title. She also won the Country Music Association's Horizon Award for Best New Artist, the Academy of Country Music Awards' Top New Female Vocalist, and the American Music Awards' Favorite Country Female Artist honor. She was also nominated for Best New Artist at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2008, she opened for Rascal Flatts again and briefly dated the singer Joe Jonas. 2008–2010: Fearless Swift's second studio album, Fearless, was released in November 2008 in North America, and in March 2009 in other markets. On the Billboard 200, Fearless spent 11 weeks at number one, becoming Swift's first chart topper and the longest-running number-one female country album. It was the bestselling album of 2009 in the US. Its lead single, "Love Story", was her first number one in Australia and the first country song to top Billboard's Pop Songs chart, and its third single, "You Belong with Me", was the first country song to top Billboard's all-genre Radio Songs chart. Three other singles were released in 2008–2010: "White Horse", "Fifteen", and "Fearless". All five singles were Hot Country Songs top 10 entries, with "Love Story" and "You Belong with Me" topping the chart. In 2009, Swift toured as an opening act for Keith Urban and embarked on her first headlining tour, the Fearless Tour. "You Belong with Me" won Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. Her acceptance speech was interrupted by the rapper Kanye West, an incident that became the subject of controversy and widespread media coverage. That year, Swift won five American Music Awards, including Artist of the Year and Favorite Country Album. Billboard named her the 2009 Artist of the Year. She won Video of the Year and Female Video of the Year for "Love Story" at the 2009 CMT Music Awards, where she made a parody video of the song with rapper T-Pain called "Thug Story". At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Fearless was named Album of the Year and Best Country Album, and "White Horse" won Best Country Song and Best Female Country Vocal Performance. At the 2009 Country Music Association Awards, Swift won Album of the Year for Fearless and was named Entertainer of the Year, the youngest person to win the honor. Throughout 2009, Swift featured on and wrote other musicians' releases. She featured on "Half of My Heart" by John Mayer, whom she was romantically linked with in late 2009. She wrote "Best Days of Your Life" for Kellie Pickler, co-wrote and featured on Boys Like Girls' "Two Is Better Than One, and wrote two songs—"You'll Always Find Your Way Back Home" and "Crazier"—for the soundtrack of Hannah Montana: The Movie, in which she had a cameo appearance. She wrote and recorded "Today Was a Fairytale" for the soundtrack of Valentine's Day , in which she had her acting debut. "Today Was a Fairytale" was her first number-one single on the Canadian Hot 100. While shooting Valentine's Day in October 2009, Swift dated co-star Taylor Lautner. On television, she made her debut as a rebellious teenager in an CSI: Crime Scene Investigation episode and hosted and performed as the musical guest on Saturday Night Live; she was the first host ever to write their own opening monologue. 2010–2014: Speak Now and Red Swift's third studio album, Speak Now, was released in October 2010. Written solely by Swift, the album debuted the Billboard 200 with over one million US copies sold first week and became the fastest-selling digital album by a female artist. Speak Now was supported by six singles: "Mine", "Back to December", "Mean", "The Story of Us", "Sparks Fly", and "Ours". "Mine" peaked at number three and was the highest-charting single on the Billboard Hot 100, the first three singles reached the top 10 in Canada, and the last two reached number one on Hot Country Songs. Swift promoted Speak Now with the Speak Now World Tour from February 2011 to March 2012 and the live album Speak Now World Tour – Live. At the 54th Annual Grammy Awards in 2012, Swift performed "Mean", which won Best Country Song and Best Country Solo Performance. She was named Songwriter/Artist of the Year by the Nashville Songwriters Association , Woman of the Year by Billboard , and Entertainer of the Year by the Academy of Country Music and the Country Music Association in 2011. At the American Music Awards of 2011, Swift won Artist of the Year and Favorite Country Album. Rolling Stone named Speak Now on its list of "50 Best Female Albums of All Time" . Red, Swift's fourth studio album, was released in October 2012. On Red, Swift worked with Chapman and new producers including Max Martin, Shellback, Dan Wilson, Jeff Bhasker, Dann Huff, and Butch Walker, resulting in a genre-spanning record that incorporated eclectic styles of pop and rock such as Britrock, dubstep, and dance-pop. The album opened at number one on the Billboard 200 with 1.21 million sales and was Swift's first number-one album in the UK. Its lead single, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", was her first number one on the Billboard Hot 100, and its third single, "I Knew You Were Trouble", reached the top five on charts worldwide. Other singles from Red were "Begin Again", "22", "Everything Has Changed", "The Last Time", and "Red". Red and its single "Begin Again" received three nominations at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards . Swift received American Music Awards for Best Female Country Artist in 2012, Artist of the Year in 2013, and the Nashville Songwriters Association's Songwriter/Artist Award for the fifth and sixth consecutive years. At the 2014 Country Music Association Awards, Swift was honored with the Pinnacle Award, making her the second recipient in history after Garth Brooks. The Red Tour ran from March 2013 to June 2014 and became the highest-grossing country tour upon completion. Swift continued writing songs for films and featuring on other artists' releases. On the soundtrack album to The Hunger Games , Swift wrote and recorded "Eyes Open" and "Safe & Sound"; the latter of which was co-written with the Civil Wars and T-Bone Burnett. "Safe & Sound" won the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media. She wrote and produced "Sweeter than Fiction" with Jack Antonoff for the soundtrack to One Chance . Swift featured on B.o.B's "Both of Us" and provided vocals for Tim McGraw's "Highway Don't Care" , also featuring Keith Urban. She was a voice actress in The Lorax , made a cameo in the sitcom New Girl , and had a supporting role in the dystopian film The Giver . From 2010 to 2013, Swift was romantically involved with the actor Jake Gyllenhaal, the political heir Conor Kennedy, and the singer Harry Styles. 2014–2018: 1989 and Reputation In March 2014, Swift began living in New York City, which she credited as a creative influence on her fifth studio album, 1989. She described 1989 as her first "official pop album" and produced it with Jack Antonoff, Max Martin, Shellback, Imogen Heap, Ryan Tedder, and Ali Payami. Released in October 2014, the album opened atop the Billboard 200 with 1.28 million copies sold. Its singles "Shake It Off", "Blank Space", and "Bad Blood" reached number one in Australia, Canada, and the US, with the first two making Swift the first woman to replace herself at the Hot 100 top spot. Other singles include "Style", "Wildest Dreams", "Out of the Woods", and "New Romantics". The 1989 World Tour was the highest-grossing tour of the year with $250 million in total revenue. After publishing an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal stressing the importance of albums as a creative medium for artists, in November 2014, Swift removed her catalog from ad-supported, free music streaming platforms such as Spotify. In a June 2015 open letter, Swift criticized Apple Music for not offering royalties to artists during its free three-month trial period and threatened to withdraw her music from the platform, which prompted Apple Inc. to announce that it would pay artists during the free trial period. Swift then agreed to keep 1989 and her catalog on Apple Music. Big Machine Records returned Swift's catalog to Spotify among other free streaming platforms in June 2017. Swift was named Billboard's Woman of the Year in 2014, becoming the first artist to win the award twice. At the 2014 American Music Awards, Swift received the inaugural Dick Clark Award for Excellence. On her 25th birthday in 2014, the Grammy Museum at L.A. Live opened an exhibit in her honor in Los Angeles that ran until October 4, 2015. In 2015, Swift won the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist. "Bad Blood" won Video of the Year and Best Collaboration at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards. At the 58th Grammy Awards , 1989 won Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, making Swift the first woman to win Album of the Year twice. Swift dated the DJ Calvin Harris from March 2015 to June 2016. They co-wrote the song "This Is What You Came For", featuring vocals from Rihanna; Swift was initially credited under the pseudonym Nils Sjöberg. She recorded "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" with Zayn Malik for the soundtrack to Fifty Shades Darker and won a Country Music Association Award for Song of the Year with "Better Man", which she wrote for the band Little Big Town. In April 2016, Kanye West released the single "Famous", in which he references Swift in the line, "I made that bitch famous." Swift criticized West and said she never consented to the lyric, but West claimed that he had received her approval and his then-wife Kim Kardashian released video clips of Swift and West discussing the song amicably over the phone. The controversy made Swift a subject of an online "cancel" movement. In late 2016, after briefly dating Tom Hiddleston, Swift began a six-year relationship with Joe Alwyn and retreated herself from the public spotlight. In August 2017, Swift successfully countersued David Mueller, a former radio jockey for KYGO-FM, who sued her for damages from loss of employment. Four years earlier, she informed Mueller's bosses that he had sexually assaulted her by groping her at an event. The public controversies influenced Swift's sixth studio album, Reputation, which explored the impact of her fame and musically incorporated electropop with urban styles of hip hop and R&B. Released in November 2017, Reputation opened atop the Billboard 200 with 1.21 million US sales and topped the charts in the UK, Australia, and Canada. The album's lead single, "Look What You Made Me Do", was Swift's first UK number-one single and topped charts in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, and the US. Its singles "...Ready for It?", "End Game", and "Delicate" were released to pop radio. Reputation was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. Swift featured on the country duo Sugarland's "Babe" . At the 2018 American Music Awards, Swift won four awards, which made her accumulate 23 trophies in total and become the AMAs' most awarded female musician, surpassing Whitney Houston. The same year, she embarked on her Reputation Stadium Tour, which became the highest-grossing North American concert tour in history and grossed $345.7 million worldwide. 2018–2021: Lover, Folklore, and Evermore In November 2018, Swift signed a new deal with Universal Music Group, which promoted her subsequent albums under Republic Records' imprint. The contract included a provision for Swift to maintain ownership of her masters. In addition, in the event that Universal sold any part of its stake in Spotify, it agreed to distribute a non-recoupable portion of the proceeds among its artists. Swift's first album with Republic Records, Lover, was released in August 2019. She produced the album with Antonoff, Louis Bell, Frank Dukes, and Joel Little. Lover peaked atop the charts of such countries as Australia, Canada, Ireland, Mexico, Norway, Sweden, the UK, and the US. The album spawned five singles: "Me!", "You Need to Calm Down", "Lover", "The Man", and "Cruel Summer"; the first two singles peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and the lattermost single became a resurgent success in 2023, reaching number one. Lover was 2019's best selling album in the US and best selling album by a solo artist worldwide. The album and its singles earned three nominations at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards in 2020. At the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards, Swift won three awards including Video of the Year for "You Need to Calm Down", becoming the first female and second artist overall to win the category for a self-directed video. While promoting Lover in 2019, Swift became embroiled in a public dispute with the talent manager Scooter Braun after he purchased Big Machine Records, including the masters of her albums that the label had released. Swift said she had been trying to buy the masters, but Big Machine would allow her to do so only if she exchanged one new album for each older one under a new contract, which she refused to sign. In November 2020, Swift began re-recording her back catalog, which enabled her to own the new masters and the licensing of her songs for commercial use, substituting for the Big Machine-owned masters. In February 2020, Swift signed a global publishing deal with Universal Music Publishing Group after her 16-year contract with Sony/ATV expired. Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Swift surprise-released two "sister albums" that she recorded and produced with Antonoff and Aaron Dessner: Folklore in July and Evermore in December. Joe Alwyn co-wrote and co-produced a few songs under the pseudonym William Bowery. Both albums incorporated a muted indie folk production; each was supported by three singles catering to US pop, country, and triple A radio formats. The singles were "Cardigan", "Betty", and "Exile" from Folklore, and "Willow", "No Body, No Crime", and "Coney Island" from Evermore. Folklore was the bestselling album of 2020 in the US and, together with "Cardigan", made Swift the first artist to debut a US number-one album and a number-one song in the same week; she achieved the feat again with Evermore and "Willow". According to Billboard, Swift was the highest-paid musician in the US and highest-paid solo musician worldwide of 2020. Folklore made Swift the first woman to win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year three times, winning the category at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards . At the American Music Awards, Swift won three awards including Artist of the Year for a third record time and Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist and Favorite Pop/Rock Album . Swift played Bombalurina in the film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Cats , for which she co-wrote and recorded the Golden Globe-nominated original song "Beautiful Ghosts". The documentary Miss Americana, which chronicled parts of Swift's life and career, premiered at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival. 2021–2023: Re-recordings and Midnights Swift's re-recordings of her first six studio albums began with Fearless and Red , which were released in April and November 2021. Both peaked atop the Billboard 200, and the former was the first re-recorded album to do so. Fearless was preceded by "Love Story ", which made Swift the second artist after Dolly Parton to have both the original and re-recorded versions of a song reach number one on Hot Country Songs. Red was supported by "All Too Well ", which became the longest song in history to top the Hot 100.Swift's tenth studio album, Midnights, was released in October 2022. The album incorporates a restrained electropop and synth-pop sound with elements of hip hop, R&B, and electronica. In the US, Midnights was her fifth to open atop the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of over one million copies, and its tracks, led by the single "Anti-Hero", made Swift the first artist to monopolize the top 10 of the Hot 100. Globally, the album broke the record for the most single-day streams and most single-week streams on Spotify and peaked atop the charts of at least 14 countries. The album's two further singles, "Lavender Haze" and "Karma", both peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100. According to Billboard, Swift was the top-earning solo artist in the US and the top-earning musician worldwide of 2021. She won six American Music Awards including Artist of the Year in 2022. At the MTV Video Music Awards, Swift won her third and fourth trophies for Video of the Year with All Too Well: The Short Film, her self-directed short film that accompanies "All Too Well ", in 2022 and "Anti-Hero" in 2023. During this period, Swift won three Grammy Awards: Best Music Video for All Too Well: The Short Film and Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year for Midnights. Swift became the first artist to win Album of the Year four times in Grammy history. Swift's next two re-recorded albums, Speak Now and 1989 , were released in July and October 2023. The former made Swift the woman with the most number-one albums in Billboard 200 history, surpassing Barbra Streisand, and the latter was her sixth album to sell one million copies in a single week in the US, claiming her career's largest album sales week. 1989 's single "Is It Over Now?" peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100. Swift featured on Big Red Machine's "Renegade" and "Birch" , Haim's "Gasoline" , Ed Sheeran's "The Joker and the Queen" , and the National's "The Alcott" . For the soundtrack of the film Where the Crawdads Sing , she wrote and recorded "Carolina", which received nominations for Best Original Song at the Golden Globes and Best Song Written for Visual Media at the Grammy Awards. Besides music, Swift had a supporting role in the period comedy film Amsterdam . In 2023, Swift was the most streamed artist on Spotify, Apple Music, and Amazon Music; and the first act to place number one on the year-end Billboard top artists list in three different decades . She had five out of the 10 best-selling albums of 2023 in the US, a record since Luminate began tracking US music sales in 1991. 2023–present: The Eras Tour and The Tortured Poets Department In March 2023, Swift embarked on the Eras Tour, a retrospective tour covering all her studio albums. Media outlets extensively covered the tour's global cultural and economic impact, and its US leg broke the record for the most tickets sold in a day. Ticketmaster received public and political criticisms for mishandling the tour's ticket sales. The Eras Tour became the highest-grossing tour in history. Its concert film, released to theaters worldwide on October 13, 2023, grossed over $250 million to become the highest-grossing concert film and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Cinematic and Box Office Achievement. A photobook, The Eras Tour Book, was released on November 29, 2024, and sold over a million copies in its first week in the US alone. Swift's eleventh studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, was released on April 19, 2024. Topping charts globally, the album broke a string of records: it marked the first album ever to amass 1 billion Spotify streams in a week; sold 2.6 million units in its first week in the US; made Swift the first artist to monopolize the top 14 of the Billboard Hot 100 and the top 10 of Australia's ARIA Singles Chart; and went on to spend 17 weeks atop the Billboard 200—Swift's longest-running number-one album on the chart. The lead single, "Fortnight", featuring Post Malone, became Swift's 12th number-one song on the Hot 100. After the pandemic, Swift's music releases, touring, and related activities culminated in an unprecedented height of popularity. From 2023 onward, Swift found ubiquitous success, albeit more dominant than before, with the successes of the re-recordings, the Eras Tour, its concert film, Midnights, and The Tortured Poets Department, significantly increasing her net worth; Music Business Worldwide remarked this as a "new stratosphere of global career success" for Swift. In 2023, she began dating the American football player Travis Kelce, and in 2024, won Artist of the Year at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards. Swift was Spotify's most streamed artist once again in 2024. In January 2024, AI-generated fake pornographic images portraying Swift were posted to Twitter and spread to other social media platforms, spurring criticism and demands for legal reform. In July, Swift and Kelce received death threats from a stalker in Gelsenkirchen, Germany, and three children were killed in a stabbing attack at a Swift-themed workshop in Southport, England, leading to civil unrest in the UK. In August, all three of the Eras Tour concerts in Vienna were canceled following the arrest of two suspects for allegedly planning an Islamic State-inspired terrorist attack in the city. The plan was uncovered by US intelligence and was thwarted by Austrian police forces. Artistry Musical styles Swift has ventured into diverse genres throughout her career, including pop, country, folk, rock, and alternative music. Her early musical influences were 1990s female country musicians such as Shania Twain, Faith Hill, LeAnn Rimes, and the Dixie Chicks, and Keith Urban's country crossover sounds incorporating rock, pop, and blues. She self-identified as a country musician and achieved prominence as a country pop singer with her first four studio albums, from Taylor Swift to Red. The albums feature country signifiers such as banjo, six-string banjo, mandolin, fiddle, and a slight vocal twang, in addition to pop melodies and rock influences; Speak Now draws on rock styles such as pop rock, pop-punk, and 1980s arena rock. Critics argued that country was an indicator of Swift's narrative songwriting rather than musical direction and accused her of causing mainstream country music to stray from its roots. After the critical debate around Red's eclectic pop, rock, and electronic styles, Swift chose 1980s synth-pop as a defining sound of her recalibrated pop artistry and image, inspired by the music of Phil Collins, Annie Lennox, Peter Gabriel, and Madonna. 1989, the first album in this direction, incorporates electronic arrangements consisting of dense synthesizers and drum machines. Swift expanded on the electronic production on her next albums; Reputation consists of hip hop, R&B, and EDM influences; and Lover features eclectic elements from country, pop-punk, and folk rock. When Swift embraced a pop identity, rockist critics regarded her move as an erosion of her country music songwriting authenticity, but others regarded it as necessary for Swift's artistic evolution and defended her as a pioneer of poptimism. Her 2020 alternative albums Folklore and Evermore explore indie styles of rock and folk, and both incorporate a subtle, stripped-back soundscape with orchestration, synthesizers, and drum pads. The latter experiments with varied song structures, asymmetric time signatures, and diverse instruments. Critics deemed the indie styles a mature representation of Swift's artistry as a singer-songwriter. Midnights and The Tortured Poets Department both incorporate a minimalist, subdued synth-pop sound, making use of analog synthesizers, sustained bass notes, and simple drum machine patterns. With continuous musical reinventions, Swift was described by Time and the BBC as a musical "chameleon". Jody Rosen commented that by originating her career in Nashville, Swift made a "bait-and-switch maneuver, planting roots in loamy country soil, then pivoting to pop". Clash wrote that she has the versatility to "no longer [...] be defined by any genre or sound label". According to Ann Powers, Swift's sound is genre-agnostic, blending and "reconfiguring" elements of country, R&B, indie pop, and hip hop. Voice Swift possesses a mezzo-soprano vocal range and a generally soft and breathy timbre that Rolling Stone deemed versatile. Reviews of Swift's early country albums criticized her vocals as weak and strained compared to those of other female country singers. Despite the criticism, most reviewers appreciated that Swift refrained from correcting her pitch with Auto-Tune and how she prioritized "intimacy over power and nuance" to communicate the messages of her songs with her audience—a style that has been described as conversational. According to Powers, Swift's defining vocal feature was her attention to detail to convey an exact feeling—"the line that slides down like a contented sigh or up like a raised eyebrow". On Red and 1989, Swift's vocals are electronically processed to accompany the pop production. Her voice on Reputation and Midnights incorporates hip-hop and R&B influences that result in a near-rap delivery which emphasizes rhythm and cadence over melody. She uses her lower register vocals extensively in "Cardigan" and both her lower and upper registers in Evermore; the musicologist Alyssa Barca described her timbre in the upper register as "breathy and bright" and the lower register as "full and dark". Reviews in The New York Times, Variety and The Atlantic were more appreciative of Swift's vocals in her later albums. She ranked 102nd on Rolling Stone's 2023 list of the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time: "A decade ago, including her on this list would have been a controversial move, but recent releases like Folklore, Evermore, and Midnights officially settled the argument." Laura Snapes of The Guardian said that Swift's "vocal trademarks" include a "yo-yoing vocal yelp" and "climactic, processed cri de coeur". Amanda Petrusich praised how the clarity and tone of Swift's live vocals accentuate her lyrics. Songwriting Swift's fascination with songwriting began in her childhood. She credited her mother with igniting confidence and early songwriting interests by helping her prepare for class presentations. She enjoyed Disney film soundtracks and would make up lyrics once she had run out of words singing them. Her lyrical influences include female country songwriters such as Patsy Cline, Loretta Lynn, Tammy Wynette, and Dolly Parton; 1990s songwriters such as Melissa Etheridge, Sarah McLachlan, and Alanis Morissette; Joni Mitchell; and Fall Out Boy. She listed Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen, Emmylou Harris, and Kris Kristofferson as career role models, citing their both evolving and consistent songwriting outputs. Her literary influences include the authors William Shakespeare, Nathaniel Hawthorne, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and the poets William Wordsworth, Robert Frost, and Emily Dickinson; the last of whom was a distant cousin of Swift. In The New Yorker in 2011, Swift said she identifies as a songwriter first: "I write songs, and my voice is just a way to get those lyrics across". Her personal experiences were a common inspiration for her early songs, which helped her navigate life. Her "diaristic" technique began with identifying an emotion, followed by a corresponding melody. On her first three studio albums, love, heartbreak, and insecurities, from an adolescent perspective, were dominant themes. She delved into the tumult of toxic relationships on Red, and embraced nostalgia and post-romance positivity on 1989. Reputation was inspired by the downsides of Swift's fame, and Lover detailed her realization of the "full spectrum of love". Other themes in Swift's music include family dynamics, friendship, alienation, self-awareness, and tackling vitriol, especially sexism. She often references or draws inspiration from historical events and figures. Neil McCormick, the chief music critic of The Daily Telegraph, opined that Swift is a "significant vehicle for expressing the inner lives and day-to-day concerns of women of her generation [and younger]". Swift's confessional lyrics received positive reviews from critics, who highlighted their vivid details and emotional engagement, which they found uncommon in pop music, although some perceived her as a fragile, juvenile artist, a label she has consistently challenged. Critics also praised her melodic compositions; Rolling Stone described Swift as "a songwriting savant with an intuitive gift for verse-chorus-bridge architecture". NPR dubbed Swift "a master of the vernacular in her lyrics", remarking that her songs offer emotional engagement because "the wit and clarity of her arrangements turn them from standard fare to heartfelt disclosures". Despite the positive reception, The New Yorker stated she was generally portrayed "more as a skilled technician than as a Dylanesque visionary". Tabloid media often speculated and linked the subjects of her songs with her ex-lovers, a practice reviewers and Swift herself criticized as sexist. Aside from clues in album liner notes, Swift avoided talking about the subjects of her songs. On her 2020 albums Folklore and Evermore, Swift was inspired by escapism and romanticism to explore fictional narratives. She imposed emotions onto imagined characters and story arcs, which liberated her from tabloid attention and suggested new paths for her artistry. Swift explained that she welcomed the new songwriting direction after she stopped worrying about commercial success. According to Spin, she explored complex emotions with "precision and devastation" on Evermore. Consequence stated her 2020 albums convinced skeptics of her songwriting prowess, noting her transformation from "teenage wunderkind to a confident and careful adult". Swift divides her writing into three types: "quill lyrics", songs rooted in antiquated poeticism; "fountain pen lyrics", based on modern and vivid storylines; and "glitter gel pen lyrics", which are lively and frivolous. Fans noticed that the fifth track of every Swift album was the most emotionally vulnerable of the album. Awarding her with the Songwriter Icon Award in 2021, the National Music Publishers' Association remarked that "no one is more influential when it comes to writing music today". The Week deemed her the foremost female songwriter of modern times, and the Nashville Songwriters Association International named her Songwriter-Artist of the Decade in 2022. Swift has also published two original poems: "Why She Disappeared" and "If You're Anything Like Me". Critics have analyzed the distinctive qualities and thematic depth in Swift's songwriting. Critic Kitty Empire opined in 2024 that Swift is "a profoundly old-fashioned artist", whose songs "tell a story, in succinct, emotive ways that often scan meticulously" unlike most pop music of the time; Empire attributed it to Swift's country beginnings. Swift's bridges are often noted as one of the best aspects of her songs, earning her the title "Queen of Bridges" from Time. Mojo dubbed her "a sharp narrator with a gift for the extended metaphor". Academics have variably described her as a poet laureate, philosopher, and bard. Performances Swift commands large audiences on stage, captivating them through emotional storytelling and vocal delivery rather than relying on elaborate dance choreography. According to V magazine's Greg Krelenstein, she possesses "a rare gift of turning a stadium spectacle into an intimate setting", irrespective of whether she is "plucking a guitar or leading an army of dancers". In a 2008 review of Swift's early performances, Sasha Frere-Jones of The New Yorker called Swift a "preternaturally skilled" entertainer with a vibrant stage presence, adding "she returned the crowd's energy with the professionalism she has shown since the age of fourteen." In 2023, Adrian Horton of The Guardian noted her "seemingly endless stamina" on the Eras Tour, and i critic Ilana Kaplan called her showmanship "unparalleled". Swift's concert productions have been characterized by elaborate Broadway theatricality and high technology, and her performances frequently incorporate a live band, with whom she has played and toured since 2007. Swift also often accompanies herself with musical instruments such as electric guitar; acoustic guitar; piano; and sometimes twelve-string guitar, six-string banjo, or ukulele. Interacting frequently with the audience, her solo acoustic performances are considered intimate and emotionally resonant, complementing her story-based lyrics and fan connection. Lydia Burgham of The Spinoff opined that this intimacy remains "integral to her singer-songwriter origins". Chris Willman of Variety called Swift "pop's most approachable superstar", and the 21st century's most popular performer. Video and film Swift emphasizes visuals as a key creative component of her music-making process. She has collaborated with different directors to produce her music videos, and over time, she has become more involved with writing and directing. She developed the concept and treatment for "Mean" in 2011 and co-directed the music video for "Mine" with Roman White the year before. In an interview, White said that Swift "was keenly involved in writing the treatment, casting and wardrobe. And she stayed for both the 15-hour shooting days, even when she wasn't in the scenes." From 2014 to 2018, Swift collaborated with director Joseph Kahn on eight music videos—four each from her albums 1989 and Reputation. Kahn has praised Swift's involvement. She worked with American Express for the "Blank Space" music video and served as an executive producer for the interactive app AMEX Unstaged: Taylor Swift Experience, for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Interactive Program in 2015. Swift produced the music video for "Bad Blood" and won a Grammy Award for Best Music Video in 2016. Her production company, Taylor Swift Productions, is credited with producing all of her visual media, starting with the 2018 concert documentary Reputation Stadium Tour. She continued to co-direct music videos for the Lover singles "Me!" with Dave Meyers, and "You Need to Calm Down" and "Lover" with Drew Kirsch, but first ventured into sole direction with the video for "The Man" . After Folklore: The Long Pond Studio Sessions, Swift debuted as a filmmaker with All Too Well: The Short Film, which made her the first artist to win the Grammy Award for Best Music Video as a sole director. Swift has cited Chloé Zhao, Greta Gerwig, Nora Ephron, Guillermo del Toro, John Cassavetes, and Noah Baumbach as filmmaking influences. Achievements Swift's discography is a "critically hailed songbook", as per Time's Sam Lansky. She has won 14 Grammy Awards , an Emmy Award, 40 American Music Awards , 49 Billboard Music Awards , 118 Guinness World Records, 30 MTV Video Music Awards , 12 Country Music Association Awards , eight Academy of Country Music Awards, and two Brit Awards. As a songwriter, she has been honored by the Nashville Songwriters Association, the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and the National Music Publishers' Association and was the youngest person on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Greatest Songwriters of All Time in 2015. At the 64th BMI Awards in 2016, Swift was the first woman to be honored with an award named after its recipient. From available data, Swift has amassed over 50 million album sales and 150 million single sales as of 2019, and 114 million units globally, including 78 billion streams as of 2021. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ranked her as the Global Recording Artist of the Year for a record five times . Swift has the most number-one albums in the UK and Ireland for a female artist this century, earned the highest income for an artist on Chinese digital music platforms , and is the first artist to occupy the entire top five of the Australian albums chart and the top ten of the country's singles chart. Swift remains the world's highest-grossing touring act ever, with cumulative ticket sales at $3.12 billion as of December 2024, per Pollstar. The Eras Tour is the highest-grossing tour of all time and the first to surpass $1 billion in revenue. Beginning with Fearless, each of her studio albums have opened with over one million global units. Swift is the most-streamed act on Spotify, and the most-streamed female artist on Apple Music. On Spotify, she is the only female act to amass 100 billion streams, the only artist to have received more than 250 million and 350 million streams in one day , and was the first female act to reach 100 million monthly listeners. The most entries and the most simultaneous entries , and most number-ones for a soloist on the Billboard Global 200, are among her feats. Swift is the first and only artist to occupy the top nine spots on the Global 200. She has the most entries , top-ten songs , and number-ones among solo acts on the Global 200 Excl. US. In the US, Swift has sold over 37.3 million albums as of 2019, when Billboard placed her eighth on its Greatest of All Time Artists Chart. Twelve of her songs have topped the Billboard Hot 100. She is the longest-reigning and the first act to spend at least 100 weeks atop the Billboard Artist 100 ; the soloist with the most cumulative weeks atop and in the top ten of the Billboard 200 ; the woman with the most Billboard 200 number-ones , Hot 100 entries , number-one debuts , top-ten songs , top-five songs , Streaming Songs chart-toppers , and weeks atop the Top Country Albums chart ; and the act with the most number-one songs on Pop Airplay and Digital Songs . Swift is the first woman to simultaneously chart five albums in the top 10 and eleven albums on the entire Billboard 200; and the first act to occupy the top four spots and chart seven albums in the top 10 on the Top Album Sales chart. She is the third highest-certified female digital singles artist in the US, with 137.5 million total units certified by the Recording Industry Association of America , and the first woman to have both an album and a song certified Diamond. Swift is the only artist in Luminate history to have seven albums sell over a million copies in a week. Swift has appeared in various power listings. Time included her on its annual list of the 100 most influential people in 2010, 2015, and 2019. She was one of the "Silence Breakers" that the magazine spotlighted as Person of the Year in 2017 for speaking up about sexual assault, and she received the honor again in 2023 for her cultural domination that year. Rolling Stone ranked Swift at 102 on their list of 200 Best Singers of All Time in 2023. Time described Swift as the first Person of the Year to be recognized for "achievement in the arts", as well as the first woman to be recognized and appear on a Person of the Year cover more than once. She received an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from New York University and served as its commencement speaker on May 18, 2022. Cultural status Swift has been credited with making a profound impact on the music industry, popular culture, and the economy. She dominates cultural conversations, leading some publications to describe her as a cultural "vitality" or zeitgeist. Her music, life, and public image are points of attention in global celebrity culture. Initially a teen idol, she has been referred to as a pop icon; publications describe her enormous popularity and longevity as unwitnessed since the 20th century. In 2013, New York magazine's Jody Rosen dubbed Swift the "world's biggest pop star" and opined that the trajectory of her stardom has defied established patterns. Rosen added that Swift "falls between genres, eras, demographics, paradigms, trends", leaving her contemporaries "vying for second place". Critics regard Swift as a rare yet successful combination of the pop star and singer-songwriter archetypes. Swift's fans are known as Swifties. Billboard noted that only a few artists have achieved her level of chart success, critical acclaim, and fan support. Swift's million-selling albums are considered an anomaly in the streaming-dominated industry following the end of the album era in the 2010s. Economist Alan Krueger described Swift as an "economic genius". Although labeled by the media in her early career as "America's Sweetheart" for her girl next door persona, Swift has been called by detractors "calculated" and manipulative of her image, a narrative bolstered by her 2016 dispute with West. Critics have also noted that her personal life and career have been subject to intense misogyny and "slut-shaming", as well as rampant media scrutiny and tabloid speculation. Swift has also been a victim of numerous house break-ins and stalkers, some of whom were armed. Swift's private jet use has drawn scrutiny for its carbon emissions. In 2023, a spokesperson for Swift stated that she had purchased more than double the required carbon credits to offset all tour travel and personal flights. In December 2023, Swift's lawyers sent a cease and desist letter to American programmer Jack Sweeney over tracking her private jet, alleging stalking and safety risks; media outlets have reported that the information posted by Sweeney is a synthesis of publicly available data. In February 2024, it was reported that Swift had sold one of her two private jets. Legacy Swift helped shape the modern country music scene, having extended her success beyond the Anglosphere, pioneered the use of the internet as a marketing tool, and introduced the genre to a younger generation. Country labels have since become interested in signing young singers who write their own music; her guitar performances contributed to the "Taylor Swift factor": a phenomenon to which an upsurge in guitar sales to women, a previously ignored demographic, is attributed. According to Pitchfork, Swift changed the music landscape with her genre transitions, a discography that accommodates cultural shifts, and Billboard notes her ability to popularize any sound in mainstream music. Lyrically, in being personal and vulnerable in her songs, music journalist Nick Catucci opined Swift helped make space for later singers like Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, and Halsey to do the same. Scholars have highlighted the literary sensibility and poptimist implications of Swift. She has been credited with legitimizing and popularizing the concept of album "eras". Swift is a subject of academic study and scholarly media research. Various educational institutions offer courses on Swift in literary, cultural, and sociopolitical contexts. Swift has influenced numerous music artists, and her albums have inspired a generation of singer-songwriters. Journalists praise her ability to reform industry practices, noting how her actions changed streaming policies, prompted awareness of intellectual property in new musicians, and reshaped ticketing models. Various sources deem Swift's music a paradigm representing the millennial generation; Vox and The Daily Telegraph likened her to Bruce Springsteen, and The Times named her "the Bob Dylan of our age". Swift earned the title Woman of the Decade from Billboard, Artist of the Decade at the American Music Awards, and Global Icon at the Brit Awards for her impact. Senior artists such as Madonna, Stevie Nicks, Jon Bon Jovi, Dolly Parton, and Elton John have praised her musicianship. Carole King regards Swift as her "professional granddaughter" and thanked Swift for "carrying the torch forward". Springsteen called her a "tremendous" writer, while Elvis Costello compared Swift's songwriting to that of Bob Dylan, and Billy Joel considered Swift the Beatles' successor. Britney Spears labeled Swift "the most iconic pop woman of our generation". Entrepreneurship Media outlets describe Swift as a savvy businesswoman; in 2024, she topped Billboard's annual Power 100 ranking of the top music industry executives. Swift is known for her traditional album rollouts, consisting of a variety of promotional activities that Rolling Stone termed as an inescapable "multimedia bonanza". Easter eggs and cryptic teasers became a common practice in contemporary pop music because of Swift. Publications describe her discography as a music "universe" subject to analysis by fans, critics, and journalists. Swift maintains an active presence on social media and a close relationship with fans, to which many journalists attribute her success. Her in-house management team is called 13 Management. Swift has endorsed many brands and businesses, having launched clothing lines with L.E.I. and Stella McCartney, designed American Greetings cards and Jakks Pacific dolls, released a number of fragrances with Elizabeth Arden, and signed multi-year deals with AT&T and Capital One. She was a spokesperson for the National Hockey League's Nashville Predators and Sony Cyber-shot digital cameras, and became the global ambassador for New York City in 2014 and Record Store Day in 2022. Social activism Swift identifies as a pro-choice feminist, and is a founding signatory of the Time's Up movement against sexual harassment. Specifically, she criticized the US Supreme Court's decision to end federal abortion rights in 2022. Swift also advocates for LGBT rights, and has called for the passing of the Equality Act, which prohibits discrimination based on sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity. She performed during WorldPride NYC 2019 at the Stonewall Inn, a gay rights monument, and has donated to the LGBT organizations Tennessee Equality Project and GLAAD. A supporter of the March for Our Lives movement and gun control reform in the US, Swift is a vocal critic of white supremacy, racism, and police brutality. Following the George Floyd protests, she donated to the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund and the Black Lives Matter movement, called for the removal of Confederate monuments in Tennessee, and advocated for Juneteenth to become a national holiday. She has openly criticized president Donald Trump. In 2020, Swift urged her fans to check their voter registration ahead of elections, which resulted in 65,000 people registering to vote within one day of her post, and endorsed Joe Biden and Kamala Harris in the 2020 US presidential election. For the 2024 election, she endorsed Harris and Tim Walz. Wealth and philanthropy Swift became a billionaire in October 2023, becoming the world's first musician to achieve the status "solely based on her songs and performances". As of October 2024, Forbes estimates her net worth at $1.6 billion, making her the richest female musician in the world, and one of the wealthiest celebrities. Forbes had previously named her the annual top-earning female musician in 2016, 2019, 2021, and 2022. She was the highest-paid celebrity of 2016 with $170 million—a feat recognized by Guinness World Records as the highest annual earnings ever for a female musician, which she herself surpassed with $185 million in 2019. Overall, Swift was listed as the Forbes highest-paid female artist of the 2010s, earning $825 million. She has also developed a real estate portfolio worth $150 million as of 2023, with residential properties in Nashville, New York City, Los Angeles , and Rhode Island . Swift ranked first on DoSomething's 2015 "Gone Good" list, having received the Star of Compassion from the Tennessee Disaster Services and the Big Help Award from the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for her "dedication to helping others" and "inspiring others through action". Especially early in her career, Swift donated to various relief funds following natural disasters. In 2009, she donated $100,000 to the Red Cross to help the victims of the Iowa flood of 2008. The same year, she performed at Sydney's Sound Relief concert, which raised money for those impacted by bushfires and flooding. In 2011, Swift used a dress rehearsal of her Speak Now tour as a benefit concert for victims of recent tornadoes in the US, raising more than $750,000. In response to the May 2010 Tennessee floods, she donated $500,000. In 2009, Swift sang at BBC's Children in Need concert and raised £13,000 for the cause. In 2016, she donated $1 million to Louisiana flood relief efforts and $100,000 to the Dolly Parton Fire Fund. Swift donated to food banks after Hurricane Harvey struck Houston in 2017. Swift donated $1 million for Tennessee tornado relief in 2020 and again in 2023, as well as $5 million toward the reliefs efforts after Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton in 2024. Swift has also donated to cancer research. As recipient of the Academy of Country Music's Entertainer of the Year in 2011, Swift donated $25,000 to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Tennessee. In 2012, she participated in the Stand Up to Cancer telethon, performing the charity single "Ronan", which she wrote in memory of a four-year-old boy who died of neuroblastoma. She has also donated $100,000 to the V Foundation for Cancer Research and $50,000 to the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. She has made donations to her fans several times for their medical or academic expenses. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Swift donated to the World Health Organization and Feeding America and supported independent record stores. Swift performed "Soon You'll Get Better" on the One World: Together At Home television special, a benefit concert curated by Lady Gaga for Global Citizen to raise funds for the World Health Organization's COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund. She is a supporter of the arts. A benefactor of the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame, Swift has donated $75,000 to Nashville's Hendersonville High School to help refurbish the school auditorium, $4 million to build a new education center at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville, and $100,000 to the Nashville Symphony. In 2012, Swift partnered with Chegg for Good to donate $10,000 to the music departments of six US colleges. She has also provided one-off donations. In 2007, she partnered with the Tennessee Association of Chiefs of Police to launch a campaign to protect children from online predators. She has donated items to several charities for auction, including the UNICEF Tap Project and MusiCares. Swift has also encouraged young people to volunteer in their local communities as part of Global Youth Service Day. Also a promoter of children's literacy, she has donated money and books to schools around the country. In 2018 and 2021, Swift donated to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network in honor of Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month. Swift donated to fellow singer-songwriter Kesha to help with her legal battles against Dr. Luke and to actress Mariska Hargitay's Joyful Heart Foundation. During the Eras Tour, Swift donated to food banks in Florida, Arizona, and Las Vegas; she also directly employed local businesses throughout the tour and gave $197 million in bonus payments to her entire crew. In February 2024, she donated $100,000 to the family of a woman who died in a shooting at the Kansas City Chiefs' Super Bowl parade. In December 2024, a week before Christmas, Swift donated $250,000 to Operation Breakthrough. The funds were directed to workforce development, childcare, and early learning programs. Discography Filmography Tours Fearless Tour Speak Now World Tour The Red Tour The 1989 World Tour Reputation Stadium Tour The Eras Tour