
Summary for Albert Einstein:
Albert Einstein was a German-born theoretical physicist. he developed the theory of relativity. he also made important contributions to quantum mechanics. he was a renowned physicist for his work on the theory of relativity. he was a renowned physicist for his work on the theory of relativity.. he was a renowned physicist for his work on the theory of relativity.
Summary for Albert Einstein:
Albert Einstein was a German-born theoretical physicist. he developed the theory of relativity. he also made important contributions to quantum mechanics. he was a renowned physicist for his work on the theory of relativity. he was a renowned physicist for his work on the theory of relativity.. he was a renowned physicist for his work on the theory of relativity.
Summary for Ernest Rutherford:
physicist was awarded the Nobel prize in Chemistry in 1908. he was the first oceanian Nobel laureate, and the first to perform the award. he is credited with proving that alpha radiation is composed of helium nuclei. he is credited with developing the atomic numbering system alongside Henry Moseley. he was a baron of the united kingdom and a baron of the united kingdom.
Summary for Ernest Walton:
Ernest Thomas Sinton Walton was an Irish physicist who shared the 1951 Nobel Prize in Physics with John Cockcroft. he was born in Abbeyside, Dungarvan, county waterford, to a Methodist minister father, the Rev. John Walton. he was awarded an 1851 Research Fellowship from the Royal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851. he was accepted as a research student at Trinity College, Cambridge, under the supervision of Sir Ernest Rutherford.
Summary for Galileo Galilei:
astronomer, physicist and engineer was born in Pisa, then part of the duchy of Florence. he studied speed and velocity, gravity and free fall, the principle of relativity, inertia, projectile motion. he also worked in applied science and technology, describing the properties of the pendulum and "hydrostatic balances" he was one of the earliest Renaissance developers of the thermoscope and inventor of various military compasses.
Summary for Graham Farmelo:
farmelo is a biographer and science writer and a fellow at Churchill College. he is best known for his work on science communication and as the author of The Strangest Man. he is best known for his work on science communication and as the author of the book. he is best known for his work on science communication. he is best known for his work on science communication and as the author of the book. he lives in London.
Summary for Graham Farmelo:
farmelo is a biographer and science writer and a fellow at Churchill College. he is best known for his work on science communication and as the author of The Strangest Man. he is best known for his work on science communication and as the author of the book. he is best known for his work on science communication. he is best known for his work on science communication and as the author of the book. he lives in London.
Summary for Humphry Davy:
chemist and inventor credited with discovering clathrate hydrates. he was a baronet, president of the royal society. he was a baronet, a member of the royal Irish Academy. he was a baronet, a baronet and a baronet. he was a baronet and a baronet.. he was a baronet.
Summary for Isaac Newton:
Sir Isaac Newton was a key figure in the Scientific Revolution and the Enlightenment. his book Philosophi naturalis Principia Mathematica achieved the first great unification in physics and established classical mechanics. he also made seminal contributions to optics, and shares credit with german mathematician Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz for formulating infinitesimal calculus. he developed calculus years before leibniz, but he contributed to and refined the scientific method
Summary for James Chadwick:
Sir James Chadwick was an English physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1935. he was the head of the British team that worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II. he was knighted in Britain in 1945 for his achievements in physics. he was awarded an 1851 Research Fellowship from the Royal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851. he was able to demonstrate that beta radiation produced a continuous spectrum, and not discrete lines as had been thought.
Summary for James Clerk Maxwell:
physicist and mathematician was responsible for the classical theory of electromagnetic radiation. he proposed that light is an undulation in the same medium that is the cause of electric and magnetic phenomena. he was the first to derive the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution. he was the first to derive the theory of gases, which he worked on sporadically throughout his career. he was also the first to understand chaos, and the first to emphasize the butterfly effect.
Summary for James Clerk Maxwell:
physicist and mathematician was responsible for the classical theory of electromagnetic radiation. he proposed that light is an undulation in the same medium that is the cause of electric and magnetic phenomena. he was the first to derive the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution. he was the first to derive the theory of gases, which he worked on sporadically throughout his career. he was also the first to understand chaos, and the first to emphasize the butterfly effect.
Summary for John Cockcroft:
physicist was a member of the team at the Cavendish Laboratory. he shared the 1951 Nobel Prize in Physics with Ernest Walton. he then won a scholarship to the university of Cambridge. he was also a member of the committee formed to handle issues arising from the Frisch–Peierls memorandum. he was also a member of the committee formed to handle issues arising from the.
Summary for Marie Curie:
physicist and chemist, known simply as Marie Curie, was the first woman to win a Nobel prize. she was the first woman to win a Nobel prize twice, and the only person to win a Nobel Prize in two scientific fields. she was born in warsaw, part of the Russian Empire, and married the french physicist. in 1891, aged 24, she followed her elder sister Bronisawa to study in Paris.
Summary for Michael Faraday:
chemist and physicist Michael Faraday was one of the most influential scientists in history. he established the concept of the electromagnetic field in physics. he also established that magnetism could affect rays of light. he eventually became the first and foremost fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution. he was a chemist and physicist who conveyed his ideas in clear and simple language.
Summary for Niels Bohr:
physicist conceived the idea of complementarity. he predicted properties of a synthetic element named hafnium. he was a philosopher and promoter of scientific research. he founded the institute of theoretical Physics at the university of Copenhagen. he was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research. he was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research. he was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research 
Summary for Niels Bohr:
physicist conceived the idea of complementarity. he predicted properties of a synthetic element named hafnium. he was a philosopher and promoter of scientific research. he founded the institute of theoretical Physics at the university of Copenhagen. he was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research. he was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research. he was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research 
Summary for Paul Dirac:
physicist Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac was an english math and theoretical physicist. he was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge. he wrote a famous paper, which further predicted the existence of antimatter. he also contributed greatly to the reconciliation of general relativity with quantum mechanics. he was a professor of physics at Florida State University. he was a professor of physics at the Florida State University.
Summary for Paul Langevin:
physicist was one of the founders of the antifascist organization. he was arrested and held under house arrest for most of world war II. he was also president of the human rights league from 1944 to 1946. he is also known for his two US patents with Constantin Chilowsky in 1916 and 1917. he is also known for his two US patents with Constantin Chilowsky. he is also known for his two US patents with Constantin Chilowsky in 1916
Summary for Richard Feynman:
physicist was a popularizer of quantum computing and nanotechnology. he was a keen popularizer of physics through his books and lectures. he was a keen popularizer of physics through his autobiographical books. he was born on may 11, 1918, in new york, in 1939. he was a renowned physicist and a renowned physicist. he was a renowned physicist and a 